Roughly a week later, my sister and her ever-expanding family drove in from Alaska and picked me up, and then we all headed on to Alvin, Texas, once a happy place where a son would be reunited with his father, but now a haunted little town where ghosts of memories reared their teeth at every turn. We pulled into the driveway at dusk, greeted by my stepmother and stepbrother, both of who appeared to be much stronger than me.
Mouth feel: Fairly heavy body for a lager.
“Our view is, and always has been, that as one door closes another opens. Some of the most successful writers were once in the exactly same position as you are in now so there is always hope for new writers. Please view our submission guidelines page on how to submit and which genres are most commonly accepted to our editors.”
· Highest ever plan outlay of Rs. 60,100 cr
Please know that I wish we could include every single story in the book, but the editors at Moody Publishers will be the ones to make final decisions about the essays. However, your story will still be featured on the Pearl Girls website as we roll out the book. Amy will also contact you about getting special permission to post your essay online. In order to make room for one more essay, I've decided to not include my essay, but rather write a forward to the book to share the purpose of the project. I am so grateful and humbled beyond words for your willingness to "tithe your talent" (a phrase coined by fellow Pearl Girl Patricia Crisafulli) in order to help other women and children. Thank you, thank you. God bless you!
Do not live beyond your means. This takes time and a change in attitude to accomplish. The rise of consumer credit in the past few years has made it far too easy to buy items without being able to pay, and the bills are coming due. Spend some significant time studying your finances, and set a realistic budget to which you can stick.
In many ways, the Ozarks world of Winter’s Bone harbors a way of life that seems to have changed little since the Great Depression. Oh sure, the cars and clothes are newer, and the local underground industry has switched from moonshine to crystal meth. But the mentality feels mostly the same- fierce territoriality, a strained-at-best relationship to the Law, and tenuous blood ties that only hold up to the point where they stop being useful. It’s a pocket of America that feels like a distant planet compared to the contemporary suburban sprawl, to say nothing of the big city, and it’s the kind of place where those who hail from elsewhere thank the heavens that they weren’t born, and where those who were born there rarely manage to escape.
The kitten counter-leaps
A rather curious phenomenon that has been observed in the popular press lately is that on those rare occasions when total global public debt is demonstrated correctly on a country by country basis, i.e., including contingent liabilities, as well as various trans-national, public-sector backed guarantees (such as EFSF backstops), and most importantly the Net Present Value of pensions and healthcare, or the cost of the welfare state expressed in current dollars, there is one country that is systematically excluded. That would be the United States. Today we set the record straight by adding the US to the list where it rightfully belongs, and also answer the rhetorical question of why the US just so happens to be consistently omitted from such column-chart based, hair-raising classifications.
BF: (crosstalk) Look, I have to go, but what I’m telling you is this.
Will chuckled. "Okay, you got us. We made the journey at three in the morning. You girls were passed out sleeping."
From spoken words untrue.
Today's card is heading over to the following challenges:
He was in reality torn between the opposing forces of delight and envy; delight in a new discovery, even though he himself had had no part in it, and envy of the discoverer upon whom Fortune had smiled.
My brewhouse and I know that what counts is not the way our copper is fired, the noise of our boil, nor the steam we make. We know that it is the hop utilization that counts. We will hit our target O.G....
Chris came into the garage at some point during this, and agreed to make my cuts for me with the jig saw. I don't fit behind tools anymore, so I either have to bend over waaaay low to get things below my belly, or just pass the task of to Chris.
1) I read your post on Poxitas tape and would like to get some to try out but I can not find a supplier. Do you have any ideas on how to get this?
My mom was in town this weekend and I always get an extra burst of decorating vigor when she's around. For that reason, Neil is probably happy she's not visiting that often!
So what is in the purple shiny bag of shininess? Ta-da!!!
Alfred the Great first made mention to St George and his feast. By 1190 English ships adorned the white flag with the red cross. Many English kings used the flag on their armour and shields so as to be identified in battle.The crusades also spread the fame of St George across Europe.
I wanted to let you in on a little secret...
These could be layered on each other in various combinations and used to make jelly sandwiches, but I didn't take the time to play with them because I had the niggling feeling I already owned all three of these colors and couldn't rest until I figured out if that was true. If you were hanging around nail boards and blogs a year ago, it was hard to escape talk of the OPI Texas collection and the six "sorbet", also known as jelly, polishes it contained. I eventually bought all of them, and darned if Coraline and Kate didn't remind me very much of some of those polishes.
I want to like Shiner beer. I really do. It's regional. It has a long history. It used to be really good. Shiner Bock was the beer of choice for my first 8 years in Austin--- years that admittedly came before the Beer Revolution that swept our country starting in about 1994. I'll save my longer lament about Shiner Bock for a later post, but suffice it to say that I think my growing disappointment in what we once termed "the creamy creamy" had less to do with the rising standards for beer that accompanied the Beer Revolution than with the falling quality of the once-vaunted products coming from the the little brewery in Shiner.
There in a bed, covered up to the chin by a heavy blanket of death-white, lay a girl with a dried tear on her cheek.
I also popped into the factory for a few minutes on my drive up north yesterday, and loved the Casbah-print skirt, and a Jackie in pink and navy (not seeing that colorway online yet). The skirt was 30% off in store, as was the sweater and jewelry, and, well...most everything. Oh, and I thought the factory Bubble necklace in turquoise was really pretty, thought it's probably not the same quality (whatever that means). It's smaller in size, and I'll post some pics soon.
Now, will they end up drafting Luck? Or will they go with Heisman winner Robert Griffin III? He is slated by many to be selected with the 2nd pick, currently held by the St. Louis Rams. However, St. Louis believes they’ve got their QB of the future in Sam Bradford. This clearly raises more questions: will the Rams trade their 1st round pick? If the colts draft RG III, will the 2nd selection be Andrew Luck?
They see His signal flashing,
One other thing I wish I had thought of is whoever has the handle @FirstWorldPains. They tweet things like: “The time on my smartphone is 2 minutes faster than the time on my wristwatch and I don’t know which one is more accurate” and end it with a hashtag #firstworldpains
It's a mess. It's a disaster. It’s a landfill in a box. It's...
On a related note, Brandi and I went to see Andrew Stanton's John Carter last night. Saw it in 3-D because it was the most convenient showing, time-wise. Overall, I was pleased with it and look forward to watching it again on Blu-ray when it comes out. The effects were extremely good (I had no problem believing that the CGI Tharks were actual, living characters), and Taylor Kitsch was better than I expected as Carter.
It’s now 5.30pm and I am in the central bus station writing this post. I’m doing pretty bad at finishing posts in one go recently so I save it and finish it later on!
Smiths Girlfriend in a coma UK
2S4Y is having an annual ultimate card showdown that will lasts for 5 weeks... You can tell that everybody is excited... I am! There are so many amazing card makers out there... Laura and Kazan are going to have a hard time choosing the card of the week... Anyways, here is my attempt at Laura's sketch... Good luck to all the awesome card makers out there...
THAT, my friends, is what keeps me going back. A veritable tackle box of lures that draws me in.
Ms. Burden yesterday defended the relatively modest reduction in scale, saying that the project, which would extend east from the intersection of Flatbush and Atlantic Avenues near Downtown Brooklyn, would be in an ideal location for a high-density development. “It is a transit hub,” she added. “It is at the crossroads of two wide avenues in Brooklyn. It can accommodate density, and density brings excitement, foot traffic, jobs.”
Here are a few of the things I'm working on:
See little dude in the red shirt? Isn't he adorable? Notice the earplugs? Erika and I noticed that the poor kid was in MAJOR sensory overload. It is horribly noisy in the hall and the kids were annoyed (see little girl) but this kid was in crisis. He was crying, rocking, and then began biting his shirt. The teacher was oblivious to whole thing. Then I remembered that I had stuck new earplugs in my purse that morning so I walked across the hall and showed them to the kid. He knew how to use them (clearly this is an ongoing issue) and after that, I swear, he was happy as a clown. Erika and I totally did a good deed! And this was AFTER we did our visiting teaching for February. We were just amazing that day. If I do say so.
As a small aside, in the mid-twentieth century Clement Greenberg helped articulate the theory of medium specificity which is all about syntactic art. Greenberg believed that art cannot truthfully relate anything other than an exploration of the medium it has been made with. This caused films such as Andy Warhol’s Empire, 1964, which is an 8 hour recording of the Empire State Building. Time is specific to the medium of film, which makes this a prime example of syntactic art. A prime example of semantic art would be any landscape or still life or portrait – anything that represents reality.
Though the motivations underlying the ‘printing’ of new group memberships (i.e. the issuing of citizenship or equivalent status) are clearly different, a partial analogy can be drawn in terms of the effects. In a country like Japan, which has yet to develop an interest in allowing mass immigration from the developing world, citizenship (group membership in the Japanese nation) is remarkably clear-cut. To be Japanese is to be a member of that ethnic, linguistic and cultural community located on the Japanese archipelago. Though it is possible in principle to obtain Japanese citizenship, it is extremely difficult and time-consuming and will not result in one being thought of as Japanese by the Japanese. Why not? Because one would simply not be Japanese, irrespective of government or media propaganda to the contrary (propaganda which does not exist). This state of affairs, in which the conditions for citizenship are universally agreed upon by group members and not undergoing non-organic, top-down attempts at revision, can be likened to a stable currency. In Japan, Japanese citizenship is a solid gold coin, its value unquestioned in social transactions.
with the ball, right over the 18th hole
I’m not actually mad you know!
yam sticks etc.) Farmers come in to talk to class.
These are the hands that will work alongside yours, as together you
Å couple of weeks ago, just after replacement band Beyond the Bridge was announced for ProgPower USA XIII, I was the proud winner of a little contest put on by my friend Cory of Audio Renaissance. The contest was to read up on the concept behind the new CD “The Old Man and the Spirit” and then write about how you relate to that concept in your own life. So a couple of days I ago, I received a copy of the CD signed by all 7 members of the group.
I wanted to share some yummy desserts/snacks I made last night that were super easy. They are both valentine themed so it was fun. Going to Walmart to find this stuff on the other hand was not. I ended up having to go to Walgreens because Walmart was pretty much out of anything Valentine related. Note to self: don't go to Walmart on Valentine's day because everyone in their mom is there too. I couldn't even get down the aisles.
Brenda E. Conway, 40, New York, N.Y.
It’s a beautiful day and I wish I could spend it with you.
It’s good to count our blessings; all those good things in our lives — both big and small. Bob Gass listed some in a recent Word for Today.
1. Why are you turning into USA Today?
So there ya go.
1/2 yellow, orange or red bell pepper, seeded and sliced
Of course there are many other definitions and meanings of genocide, but in the end, when analysed in depth, they all add up to the definition provided by Chalk and Jonassohn, which states: "Genocide is a form of one-sided mass killing in which a state or other authority intends to destroy a group so defined by the perpetrator.” (Frank Chalk, Kurt Jonassohn The History and Sociology of Genocide: Analyses and Case Studies, Yale University Press, 1990, ISBN 0-300-04446-1)
At this point Freddie would be looking up at the
Then create the Android test project that will contain the tests. WebDriver will create the WebView and set the layout automatically in the main Activity.
Oh, well, I have plenty of time to experiment! I’m excited and I’m pumped….then again, that could be the caffeine talking!
If readers have more to add to the list, please post your ideas as comments.
Some people have been asking me if I found someone because I seem a little happier. Just to set things straight, I did. I found someone: I found myself. I’ve been in three long relationships in the past six years and I haven’t had time to truly be with myself. This is not to say that I wasn’t myself when I was with them. But the reality of love is that sometimes in relationships you just end up with a lesser hold of who you are and of what direction you want yourself and your life to take.
Middlesex County, which includes the western suburbs, came in a close second, with a 32.6 percent rise in listings in March.
Now I listened and Got it all.
Becomes a part of the public domain by publication or by any other means except an unauthorized act or mission by the licensee.
Please be strong my friend,
The summer movie season starts off with the Hunger Games. Adapted from the book “Hunger Games” written by Suzanne Collins it takes place in a future society that is seeing the effects of a major war. The world is broken apart in different districts that are all under the control of a region called the capitol. The capitol holds yearly a ‘game’ in which two people, a boy and a girl, from each district compete in an arena to the death. The idea behind the games is to keep control over the districts by instilling fear into them. Why would they even think about revolting.
Also, the bacon was epic with the ranch dressing. I fried up some bacon while I was cooking everything else, then we crumbled it on the salad. It was awesome.
I feel soooo goooooooooooood. I feel so joyful. I am super empowered in fulfilling on my dreams.
Is hope, for positive is not the prerogative, now false hope is real destructive, so
Another participant in the MKK 2009 programme, 10 year-old Athenkosi Tshenese says she is extremely happy to be part of this year’s activities. “We learnt a lot of stuff with different topics in a very exciting way, which is very interactive and child friendly,” said Tshenese. Tshenese says she wants to be a social worker when she grows up because she wants to help her community with their problems.
"Really?"
After the ceremony we had pictures at the Temple and then later on that day in the yard.
Author: “Radical Vegetarianism”, vegan and art historian
The first step of this transformation was to get the bases (I wanted closed storage at the bottom instead of shelves like Emily’s). But we couldn’t do much with those until a big step was done – and that got done today! WHOO!
Beat eggs and sugar 2 minutes.
The worst thing you could do with everything you brought up in your Fourth Step would be to just stand there and hold on to it. You don’t have to do that. That could be dangerous. Some of that stuff is toxic!
“As the handsome carriage sped east, the salubrious, almost countrified atmosphere of Kensington soon gave way to the crowded urban environment of Piccadilly, and beyond to the Circus where Anteros, the avenger of unrequited love, protrudes like an arrow fired at the city’s heart.”
‘‘(g) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
That He should give His only Son
(MLB's Boston Red Sox are first on the ratings list and second on the household list. You're welcome, long-time friend, colleague and diehard Red Sox fan Scott Fybush at NorthEast Radio Watch.)
1/2 Cup Unsweetened Coconut
We went to Max's birthday party this morning over at the Jay fire house, and Colden had such a blast!
There is much that we still do not understand about soul contracts, yet the group says that even though it was the best potential at your birth, each contract can and should be re-evaluated at each of the four phases of the sexual energy.
When starting a sales career, sales training plays a critical role. Development usually focuses on three key areas, technique, process, and product. Layered over these are marketing components that address networking, prospecting and promotion. Together they form the technical components of sales training. Once mastered, they only improve with practice and repetition.
Now, when I crave the nicotine rush, the yellow tinge to my fingers, the smoky smell of burnt tobacco, those once fleeting moments of intellectual competence, I chew my drugged up chicklet, bemoan my fate, and blame everyone else.
When I received a bunch of comments almost immediately, I felt so encouraged.
Rhode Island
My Dad also ordered some pecan, hazelnut, chestnut and apple trees that we were able to set out last weekend, as well as the usual mulching, weeding, trimming, rebuilding, etc. and so on that never seems to cease. That's a good thing though, since I have been battling bouts of depression since my mother passed away. It's nice to have something productive to focus on.
From behind the officer, John said, “The other two have Melissa somewhere. How far away is that car?”
I kept whispering his name, over and over, and each time, his ears lowered, his eyes softened, and his posture relaxed as a wave of contentment just seemed to flood him. I stroked his ears, rubbed his shoulders, buried my face into his scruff and hugged him.
So many of Slick Rick's other songs are party/club staples, but "Hey Young World" is the classic that is sometimes forgotten. Yet when it comes on, like acid flashbacks for a nation of assimilated negroes, schoolyard memories flood the brain, and all forms of pretense and posturing must fade to the background. Produced by Rick himself; the smooth string loop, dinky-dinky-dink toy-piano riff, and bouncy back-and-forth flow with what can now only be described as his "gay voice" essentially captures the carefree spirit of a hip hop nursery rhyme. An adorably irresistible encapsulation of hip hop's essence; it basically gets everyone within listening range in the mood for a game of freeze-tag or hide-and-go-seek.
Today, we’re having one of those days where we don’t venture too far from home – tidying up (why does our house always look so messy after the weekend?), doing washing and just taking each hour as it comes. Grace and I have just made a new batch of play dough which is keeping her busy so while she’s happy sculpting ‘frogs and lily pads’, I’m off to calm down Sophie who I can hear protesting from her cot and then to hopefully make a dent in my chores for today.
Chicken stock- approx. 500 ml (or 2 cups)
Hear no evil, see no evil, speak no evil. (my own words - think no evil )
Back on the street, the Tramp collides with a young woman (Paulette Goddard), escaping a bakery with her stolen dinner. Goddard is ‘The Gamin’ (gamine, or street urchin); in this case, the eldest sister of a family of girls, without a mother when the movie begins and without a father after a food riot leaves him shot. The Gamin is swift, smart and wickedly sexy, but she’s too desperate to avoid getting caught.
a) men hold doors open for you
You'll notice that the second requirement specifies both partners. Too often, change is driven by a single partner and ignored by the other.
Anyone wanting to learn more can go to The Center for Biological Diversity’s website for their April 2011 report:
Second…What does Scripture say about the resurrection state?
Tyson Gibb, a senior studying new media, is an example of whom Sanders was describing.
Openness is a problem for you
Not so's you'd notice - given my recent not-postingness - but I'm on a two- to three-week summer blogging hiatus whilst I deal with summer issues.
through my veins
My Mum (aka Nanny G) arrives for a 12 day visit this Thursday which we are all really looking forward to... especially as she hasn't seen Allegra since she was 7 1/2 weeks old! Allegra and I will then fly back to Melbourne with her for a few weeks over easter to visit family and friends yippee! Although it's such a bummer that Mr B will be unable to join us due to work committments :( However, it will be a very special visit for us none the less as on of my closest and best friends, Emma (I have blogged about her previously here and here), is due with her first bubba... the day we arrive actually! I am SOOO excited. It is something all best friends dream of isn't it, to raise their children together?! Such a blessing!
I was seventeen when he became a part of my life and songs like “It’s not for me to say” by Johnny Mathis and other hits like “Why do fools fall in love” and “Little Darling” went to the top of the charts of my youth. That was my generation and it was wonderful growing up long before rap music.
may came home with a smooth round stone
Welcome to Monster Monday with Tabonga, here at The Dungeon!.. Our panoramic feature was filmed in the caves of Cacahuamilpa in Mexico and is an above average production for the time.
Balancing the home in homeschool is a daily juggling act for me. But, with the key principles mentioned above, I am able to accomplish what is most important and not feel guilty about the rest.
there was hail piled everywhere and tree leaves all over the porch.
"Next year, they think. Next week, or tomorrow. No later. But it is later than they think. They should not make life so complicated for themselves, now that they have brought about their own destruction. They cannot avoid the complexity, for death is their only alternative..."
After a few more murders, they soon realize that the killing that are happening are pretty much copies of the original murders, but with a twist. These killing follow the new generation of horror film rules which pretty much are the old rules, but in reverse.here's a quick run down of that.
hot glue and glue gun
bearing five others, by an exaggerated, excessive man
sketched & punched.
In 2001 an obscure Finnish developer, Remedy, released one of the most defining action games of all time. Max Payne had been in development for four years, an unheard-of amount of time for the period, as Remedy attempted to get the game's tricky mix of film noir storyline, John Woo-inspired action and a new gameplay mechanic called 'bullet time' (in which time slows down to a point where individual bullets can be seen in motion) to gel together. Other events outpaced the game's gestation: development was effected by the release of The Matrix in 1999, which popularised bullet time on a huge scale and led to the introduction of several homages to the film in the game. The game's lengthy development was likened to that of Daikatana (the most colossal disappointment in the history of gaming), which did not bode well, especially as Max Payne's development was actually longer. Fortunately, upon release Max Payne was critically-acclaimed and commercially hugely successful.
seasoning to taste
Here is a run-down of our weekend.
Before 'uptown' St. Patrick's, there was downtown St. Patrick's, the original cathedral which was consecrated in 1815. By the 1850s, with the number of Catholics growing due to immigration, a larger, grander structure was required, one that reflect the congregants' growing influence. The image below is from St. Patrick's before the 1866 fire. The facade was rebuilt with less ornamentation.
In this edition of South By Bobnoxious I'll delve into the similarities and intricacies of how to approach them both in the Bobnoxious way.
Life’s too short for me to stop -
Their familiarity with different parts guards you against fake parts which might be offered elsewhere for replacement.
In her book, MOMumental, Jennifer Grant shared a lesson she’d been taught by a college professor: Prefer the given.
life so attached to her own.
Earlier in the week I got dragged into a pub to watch the footie and 4 pints of Beck’s Vier set me back a tenner. A tenner for 4 pints? Good gods, what’s the world come to? No wonder pubs are going to the wall if they think a viable business is stinging me ten quid for 4 pints.
This and That 6x6 paper - Echo Park
As part of American Sikh Day, a “Celebration of this Nation and Religious Freedom,” marked in Sacramento on April 13, CDCR employee Balvinder (Val) Hansra and her husband, Gurcharan, were interviewed for KCRA’s “Common Ground” show at their home in the Sacramento area. After the tragic shooting of two Sikh men in Elk Grove, state officials, Sikhs and media have been working diligently to educate the public about Sikhs.
It is loved from within, its nectar sustained
I cant stop listening to Jessie J 'Who's laughing Now' I feel this song can relate to thousands of people who have ever been bullied at school, college, uni or at work.
My first full day of Lent led me to a wonderful insight about what I truly need to become. I was working hard to incorporate prayer into my Lent as God reminded me that I do fast, but I don't pray anymore than normal. So I've been stopping to pray more. I had gotten up from praying, due to kidneys and it was then that I felt the Spirit drop some wisdom into my head. "You need to learn to make every conversation a prayer." And there I sat thinking ...now you speak, while I'm...well I said I got up due to kidneys. Then it hit me. What would I be like if every conversation I had with any person was a prayer. Not..."Oh Jesus and my friend hi, I pray you be blessed today, I'd love to chat but I don't know how to do that and pray at the same time. But rather hearing every word spoken and appropriately applying prayer in the quiet of my mind whether I'm silent or speaking. Wouldn't I be a better person? Don't you think it would be difficult for me to keep praying and be critical at the same time. Perhaps that gossip we do for the sake of prayer could be silenced if we believed our prayers were enough for that person who shares there pain and foolishly trust us with it.
The narrative of experiencing something “since childhood” implies that one’s experience is intransient, innate, fixed, possibly “hard-wired” and biological. This trope is usually substantiated by sex role evidence such as ” I never liked dolls and preferred to play with matchbox cars” or “until sex roles became more enforced as I grew near puberty I assumed I was not innately different from my male/female friends”. “I liked to hunt and fish and never understood or related to those conforming to the sex role demanded of females”. “I did not like being separated from girls and being considered “other” because of my biological status”. “I wanted princess things that the girls seemed so lucky to have”. “I was surprised and disquieted to discover myself different from other children due to my genitals”. Etc. This trope is called a testimonial. One’s feelings and experience, which anyone can relate to, is relayed to bolster one’s underlying assertion by using emotion rather than critical analysis. This is a deflection of critical thought. No one can dispute one’s personal experience narrative. This trope is used to deflect from critical analysis of sex roles by using emotional appeal. If one injects critical analysis to this narrative – for example pointing out the sex role stereotypes which inform the narrative – the trope user will rapidly change course, abandoning the testimonial completely and moving onto another trope, usually “Society has no influence over my gender identity”.
Today my Dt card is image from Paper Pretties Store called "Pasha Panda" thanks for letting me use the image.
The beer itself has a fantastic fruity aroma of orange, lemons and apricots with just a hint of biscuity malt in the background. The taste is a riot of ripe juicy fruits - bittersweet and incredibly easy drinking for an almost 6% beer. Now I'm not one for telling you how good a beer is in comparison to another bee..... oh, no wait I totally am that guy! I had a bottle of Goose Island before this bottle and this is sooooo much better! Plus it's in a bigger bottle! Woop Woop!
Her most successful recording was actually not a musical tune, but rather an audio CD for Big Finish’s Dr Who Adventure Omega, released in 2003! Though at times hard to follow for someone not too familiar with the good Doctor, this CD is nonetheless a Must for Caroline Munro Fans as this is by far the best acting she ever did. It’s hard to believe that this is the lady who was dubbed in most of her important roles. Caroline really takes very well to the audio medium and I would sure love to hear more from her in that kind of production. Her voice is amazing: soothing, sexy, ironic, stern, whatever it needs to be. And to think that she was worried about the production because of her dyslexia is unbelievable. Her performance is nothing short but a revelation. The CD is still available from Amazon UK.
Capers, Chick Peas, Almonds, Fresh Herbs &
She had a lovely day, and another one yesterday as we all went out for a meal in a restaurant. I hope she'll continue well and happy for a good while yet.
Sometimes the toast does not land butter side down.
The yellow raffia is recycled from a grass skirt
I went through my old album and scanned some photos of our tiny, adorable, one bedroom, brownstone walk up in W12th St. We were between 5th & 6th Ave and just under the Union Square Markets. We loved our neighborhood! Px
The shorts are a purchase I made last spring from Beyond Retro and I really love the crochet detailing around the hem on the legs even if the shorts do reveal a slightly unflattering 'tummy pouch' when I stand side on. They saw me through the heat when I spent a few days in Italy with my Dad and his family and I can't wait to wear them again this summer with a big brimmed hat and espadrilles. When I think of Summer and Espadrilles I always think of the cover of Tracey Emin's book. Bronzed skin, simple gold jewellry and espadrilles, a classic summer look I will never stop replicating.
p86 “The phases of the moon – appearance, increase, wane, disappearance, followed by reappearance after three nights of darkness – have played an immense part in the elaboration of cyclical concepts.”
Since my visit to the Secwepemc pit house the other day, I find myself thinking about the meaning of hearth. As I sat by the fire, something ancient seemed to be speaking within me. I felt myself strangely at home. It was a feeling of being inscribed upon the earth, of being grounded and centered.
The album’s ECM-ish title is Albanian for ‘path,’ ‘road’ or ‘journey,’ an absolutely apt description of the trek this trio takes, despite however many other ECM titles have used or deserved this particular appellation in English or other languages. The trio, comprised of the pianist, bassist Patrice Moret and drummer Samuel Rohrer, certainly embarks upon some sort of a journey here. But it’s hard to say whether the program or the trio goes anywhere.
Witch-King: Crap, I didn’t think of that.
Working from home and changing the way I was photographing for Lune's online shop has simplified and made that a great venue for Lune again. I love the ease of being able to do an update at any moment, night and day, whenever time allows and the mood strikes. My dark backdrop is our living room wall, my dress form is a permanent fixture so it's always ready to go, and the antlers on the wall hang some favorite styling pieces. I have a pretty wardrobe in the sun room which is designated for web shop garments, and camera equipment. I think this basic set-up will serve me well this summer. It feels like things are working out, and I can't tell you how relieved I feel that things are about to get a lot more simple, and a lot more fun around here.
For more info on the author please click on the links below:
Two weeks ago
I love the shape of the dress! I think that it's very flattering on most girls I've seen wearing it.
Dear ugly green jacket guys,
The king catches my eyes -
This was an abrupt waste of time here, Flair, Gunner, Bully Ray, Kazarian, and Daniels all showed him how much they all appreciate what he has done with them, and here comes Gunner, The Guns, Austin, and RVD, along with JB.
Jay Migliori - Sax
A: f4.0
I'm not opposed to self/vanity publishing. I think there's a place for it and that it can peacefully coexist with traditional publishing. I think which way you go depends a lot on your goals...
Wes is such an awesome character! Did you ever consider writing some from his perspective?
I shudder to think of the monster I created with spinach, banana, and way too much almond milk in my experimenting with vegan baking. It tasted… okay, I suppose. But it was a spongy pudding type of creation that even I couldn’t pass off as a delicious accident.
Speaking of changes, Kyle is now older than Amanda was when I wrote this. Wow.
11 w POCO/ don't cross the river
You need to be there for your youth both physically and emotionally and your youth needs to know this.
It's a funny thing. Just yesterday, mother's day (which I still hate), I was missing Sophia and wondering at how I have taken to avoiding grief and even this blog. I've meant to write often but always found a reason not to. The reason has largely been that I've wanted to avoid being sucked back into the awful world of grief and loss. I've wanted to deny my membership of this club of angel mommies. Not that I've wanted to deny Sophia - never. But I've wanted to avoid the raw pain of this world.
On the subject – A young, ambitious Grantham based brewery with an ever extending list of award winning ales. A fine example of what a dream and a well used redundancy pay-off can ultimately achieve.
None of which is to say the Wyeast Roselare strain (pronounced Roos ah lare) can't make great beer. Just a word to the wise: the yeast is only a part of the picture. I'm excited to try Hair of the Dog and Logsdon's beer, but I don't expect them to be Rodenbach-esque.
As a reward for following the rules, we are granted freedoms, maybe even pocket money, and certain "rights". Our rights do not inherently exist because of our own existence but because of the existence of the government that grants them.
Finally, we've now spent two weeks on the NYT Bestseller List. Two is twice as good as one! Stay tuned for lots of fun stuff and information leading up to Release Day.
Hello, again!! Well.. our grey, rainy weather was replaced with snow!! Yep... woke up this morning to a nice little dusting of snow on the ground! Thank goodness it didn't stick on the roads and it was mostly gone by mid-afternoon! Another good day to stay inside and make a card... so I did!!
Saameira: Really? Err…what is it, Maisa?
L’Oreal Save $1/1 Excellence or Excellence to-Go shade (5/20)
Karma is not about the reincarnation or rebirth of the individual.
The wearing of clothing is, on top of this, a personal choice. What right does France or anyone in the world have to impose their values on someone else? Impose their choices on anyone else? I don’t see anyone complaining of Sikh turbans, or even the small swords that devout Sikhs carry on their person, as part of their religion. Surely that’s more of a threat than anything – to go around armed? So why the double standards?
After importing the .png, .txt (.fnt) and .txt (JSON) files into an empty Unity scene and setting it up correctly, I got no errors in the Console and no fonts on screen (link to .unitypackage of this project).
With the mixer still on low, pour the liquid ingredients over the mixture and mix for five seconds then add the chocolate chips and mix until the dough almost comes together; it may be sticky.
Villains are vindicated as underdogs; everyone loves an underdog.
So the bottom line is that the physical devices are very similar and what you're getting is the company behind the device. And Amazon is obviously the far superior SHOPPING experience. If you got the reader to read...then there isn't much difference to be discussed. I'm used to the Nook, I like the look of it. I think the grey library in the Fire is somber and unpleasant. Wood is usually brown, that would have been better.
8 fact
With early diagnosis and treatment, children with amblyopia are expected to restore the sight in the lazy eye. However, if left untreated, the weak eye never develops adequate vision and the person may become functionally blind in that eye.
oh, and Angie...our beautiful, smart, compassionate nurse, I would be a crazy person without you. Thanks for being my silent partner in crime :) xoxoxo
I threw numbered balls into the jar to add color to the other end of the mantle.
Council members appreciated the planned public forum; Mayor Williams followed up to get the time and date, and both Councilmembers Seth Grimes and Fred Schultz thanked the public forum organizers and co-sponsors for setting up the forum. Councilmember Schultz said he’d distribute information about the public forum to listservs in his ward, and lauded the activists’ persistence in bringing the subject to city council meetings. He added, “persistence pays off.”
Have a happy and safe journey!
This leaves Afrikaners with an impossible choice: stay in South Africa and anglicize, or emigrate to Australia, and anglicize. In neither country is there an Afrikaner future. This is not even a fair choice. In Australia there is little crime and no affirmative action imposed on Afrikaners. Afrikaners emigrated in the 1830's from the Cape Colony during the Great Trek to escape British domination. Perhaps the current large-scale migration is the Last Trek which will close the book on centuries of Afrikaners, and in a thousand years all of Afrikaner experience will have been reduced to a footnote.
Wounded Knee by The Milkshakes
A Proverbs 31 woman weighs 110 pounds and has perfect country-singer hair. (That’s in verse 52.)
Synopsis: Fireman go to fire; no one asks them to save their child.
I'm chasing a neon purple dragon around in a dark underground labyrinth. Okay, fine. What I'm really doing is working away on a fantasy novel that has been simmering in my imagination for a long while. It's pretty scary down here in this first draft labyrinth. I'm not sure that my writing can capture the characters and the story very well, but I do believe that it has the potential to be a very fun and very good story.
So the prizes – as well as two bottles of champagne for participating every single week, we won a powerboating experience on the Thames and a Go Ape experience, something about arboreal activities, haven’t really researched it well. And of course the winners medals. It’s certainly different from previous prizes, not to mention hi-adrenaline which is very intriguing. Third place won chocolate making, second place won tea/dinner on a Thames boat (I was quite liquored up by this point).
We look forward to seeing you here!
I don't know how many people will respond to this, but let me know if there are any units or activities that you are wanting to have created--I have been so exhausted lately, but I want to get back into making TPT/TN creations soon!! All ideas welcomed, and might throw it as a freebie your way ;) Have a great Thursday tomorrow!
Xuxa
48. Tra La La Song
History may be repeating itself where the left is concerned. But it's doubtful they'll duck anything this time around. Union thugs have none of the romantic air of campus rebels, and the beards and filthy tee-shirts of the anarchists lost their shock value long ago. They will get little in the way of protection from a media that's on the verge of collapse. But even more compelling is the fact that their opposition is no longer a corrupt establishment, but a movement representing Americans as a whole. Conservatives today are no longer the staid, isolated remnant of mid-century, but a tougher, blunter group that comes from a much wider slice of American life. Confront them with people who attack women and threaten children, and it's easy to surmise who's going to end up on deck. A violent left is a dying left. If I were on that side of the fence, I would worry.
I know what the problem is…you need new Business cards!!
And the man says, "Because you're fucking ugly."
forget these dreams.
The obvious problem is the one that arises when you have to choose one event over another. I had this problem last week when The Royal Mail on Spencer and The Local Taphouse in St Kilda hosted Beer Dinners on the same night.
I was reminded of Chagall as I watched, yet again, Notting Hill this afternoon. Art is so often fascinating, in the way that books and poetry can be. How one person perceives it may be completely different to another persons way. But let me give three of the possibilities in understanding which come to my mind when I look upon Chagall’s work.
Fast forward...
Or maybe we don’t forget them, maybe we just get too busy or too grown up or we move on to the next thing for a while.
The city really comes alive!
Port Brewing Company / Pizza Port Wipeout I.P.A.
Applicant Julie White argued that the word "Mohawk" is not a close approximation of the name of the St. Regis Band of Mohawk Indians, and that it does not refer uniquely or unmistakably to that Band (citing GOOGLE references to Mohawk Mountain, Mohawk College, Mohawk State Forest, and the like). She also claimed to be a Native American and a member of the St. Regis Band of Mohawk Indians of New York, and also an employee of a company that manufactures and sells cigarettes under a license granted by the St. Regis Band.
6pm-12am
Combine the egg whites and sugar in a mixing bowl and place the bowl over a pan of simmering water and whisk constantly for about 3 minutes or until the sugar is dissolved. Be careful not to cook the egg whites!
You think any alcoholics have ever brought in their peepee and poopoo after a night of binging on Gold Schlager? ... Too far? I’m just thinking that that would certainly be unwanted gold.
Sleuthfest is coming up next week, and I’ll be joining Heather Graham, Diane Gilbert Madsen and James R. Benn for a panel discussion led by Philip Cioffari. We’ll talk about different mystery genres and I’m to represent cozies. Already I feel a bit of an impostor because my books tend to span several genres. Publisher’s Weekly called them cozy/thriller hybrids, and I think that’s a fair assessment.
“I didn’t find any other flowers! What does it matter any ways? I’ve kept them soaked in water. And they are pretty enough to be kept on the tables atleast. “
I'm being a rebel and joining the other over at OWH for their virtual card making party this weekend. They are being rebels by creating cards for National Scrapbook Weekend-- heck that works for me...I am NOT a scrapper at all! There are 4 challenges up right now and I think you should dig out your supplies and make some cards for OWH!
I just got home from historic Charleston, SC. What an amazing city - the history and architecture is one-of-a-kind!
This week was busy wasn’t in the office much! Monday, I helped out with the student union registration day – it was quite boring and i realy wasn’t really needed but ya know what students are like – if its too much work they want nothing to do with it!!! LOL. Tuesday – was got a bitta SEO work done – but then was doing research for most of the day for our new business plan. Wednessday had Marketing training provided by the Letterkenny Chamber of Commerce – it was pretty good and then finished the presuasion seminar from last week, which was absolutely brilliant as i picked up loads and it will be extremely useful for when i have to do an e-mail marketing campaign.
And all who wisely wish to wive
The slam has been so successful they have had to change locations after only three months in existence to accommodate their rapidly expanding audience. The fourth monthly show takes place Tuesday evening at Naughty Nadz (1590 Dundas St. E. just east of Dixie).
traditional agave spirits, the bar will showcase an impressive
In Murray’s view, Lloyd-Jones was “open to some criticism”38 in this controversy. First o f all, Murray thinks that the argument in places depended over-much on the Doctor’s interpretation of the contempary situation so that it “looked more like a matter ofjudgement than ofBiblical principle”. This, however, is open to debate but Lloyd-Jones put no pressure at all on individuals to secede. In my own experience, he discouraged me initially from seceding and wanted to know precisely which Biblical principles I was seeking to honour. It is also a fact that Lloyd-Jones left it to individual ministers and churches to decide the correct and wisest time for secession.
Blood transfusion centres used to just give you a cup of tea and a selection of biscuits. Things are looking up, though my friend opined she has never fully understood why doctors stopped using leeches and ‘bleeding’ patients on a regular basis.
“For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office.”
2 2 8 West 4th Street
Coco
The RoadTripppers
I’ve always been enamored by elephants, and no, I’m not talking about my waistline. Anyway, when I learned that elephant rides were available at Angkor Thom, I needed to do it. Frank recognized when he was beat, and this morning we rode an elephant!
which is our tagline for the
Ghost Hunter 1: I think a ghost just came out of my ass!
Vår Frue Kirke.
Certainly you weigh too much. Maybe not a lot, but you could stand to lose at least 10 pounds.
Though the film does have some tense moments, effective scares and is interesting for the fact that it shows West was interested in evoking horror’s past from the very beginning of his career, it is for completists only. West’s second film, Triggerman, is much the same. Though at least it’s slow paced, naturalism is more fitting for its story of a group of hunters stalked in the forest by an unseen sniper, than The Roost’s KILLER BATS scenario.
My mom got a Bourbon Island Crepe ($14SG ~$11US) with mango marmalade tossed in light caramel sauce infused with Vanilla Bourbon tea and flavored with coconut, lime and vanilla.
The marina was completely frozen and the ducks were quiet. Frost covered the stones and if you look closer, there is actually a lighthouse in the top picture.
You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, Love like you’ll never be hurt, Sing like there’s nobody listening, And live like it’s heaven on earth.” ? William W. Purkey
Another popular track is the north dakota wine restaurant and breeding grounds for greater than 293 species of prairie birds. Many people also delight in seeing some native animals and spending a little adventure or some great photo opportunities? There are events like Norsk Hostfest, Earth Day at the north dakota wine restaurant to get there remember you did not only sustainable but profitable for the north dakota wine restaurant, Wildest Costume and Outstanding Team Spirit. A warming house will be increased if you do not have double fun by having a cruise in Lewis and Clark Riverboat. This boat has a continental climate with hot summers and cold winters. The people in North Dakota. Now open seven days a week and 24 hours per day, the Skydancer Casino also offers high stakes slots starting at $10 a turn. Blackjack tables are also many outfitters located in these areas to see many birds and enjoy the north dakota wine restaurant and the north dakota wine restaurant of February. The North Dakota singles.
I wish I had read these tips before joining critique sites and critiquing. I often took the tone of the last person who critiqued me and it wasn’t until I had a couple of good critiques myself, that I learned what I needed to do. And I’m still learning!
Common names used for ashwagandha include: Winter Cherry, Withania somnifera (Latin botanical name), and Indian Ginseng to name a few.
I attack the querying process with a spreadsheet. It’s seven columns wide, several rows long and must be printed on legal paper. The names of literary agents run down the side of the spreadsheet and the columns are labeled name, address, genre, email, snail mail, submission guidelines, miscellaneous. I approach my queries as I approached the audit workpapers I prepared when I was a tax accountant. I label my spreadsheets, tick and tie addresses I have confirmed, highlight my research with a yellow marker. I wore blue suits and pantyhose in my accountant days. Now I wear Levis with holes in the knees, but I can still format a nice spreadsheet.
I swapped those out with two cheap cabinets from Home Depot that painted in BM Rockport Gray. I also happened to find an old lab table with a slate top that was the perfect size and height for an island.
so they get the landlord to put the teletext on.
Third place went to the sweetest picture of a Horned Owl peeking through tree limbs. It was a cute one and a favorite. Now please allow me to toot my own horn…drum roll please…..Second Place went to Daybreak!!! I was so surprised and very excited. The cash prize will definitely help with my travels back east in the fall for my best friends wedding.
I hate CFL lights. There, I’ve said it. I know this puts me up there as an enemy of the state along with Halliburton, BP and people who deny global warming and ask for plastic bags at the supermarket.
I love the tall trees in my yard; I also love my garden. Fortunately, these two inclinations aren’t mutually exclusive, despite the “full sun” recommendations of many seed packets and gardening books.
HIS HOPE,…..
These beads in the top picture were all made with various Double Helix glass and 24Karat gold leaf. They look really pretty on their own and I love making them, although they absolutely do not sell on etsy. I have no idea why... but this time that was not bad because they have become this necklace, which has already been spoken for even before the exposition begins :-)
The Road
So he told me to get upstairs and he would show me how wrong I was. It wasn't terribly horrible compared to what most people get, but it hurt really bad because my skin is so sensitive right now on top of the fact that I haven't really been spanked much. It was enough to make me sorry though! Then he proceeded to tell me that for the next couple of days, I was going to be spanked since I obviously felt that he wasn't spanking me enough and that I had gotten too big for my britches.
I will also admit that I did get an additional morale boost last month when someone we all read decided to use his status to bring attention to smaller film blogs including mine, for which I am eternally grateful. It always encourages me when someone I respect and, in this case, idolize, reads what I write and does not think I am completely off my rocker. I do hope to further evolve this blog to see what else I can get away with. I have some pieces cooking for the future, as well as some interesting projects elsewhere that may be featured here, one of which I am particularly excited about.
They’re messing with food chains and water tables all across the country, and they don’t care as long as they can make a buck. And somewhere around half the people in this country think this is a swell idea. Damn liberal eco-fascists, messing with our job creators! Doesn’t matter that we are all of us going to pay for it with some serious drops in standards of living. Well, all of us who can’t afford to pack up and jet off to Monte Carlo or the Alps or that nice island we just bought in the Caribbean.
(Still, the more the merrier, in my book!)
“There is no use. She’ll make up everything we ask. I have a bad feeling about this. I don’t get positive energy from her. It’s like she’s blessed with evil.” said Jin.
the beauty of each and every day,
in Texas - Thursday @ 5pm
But theological tolerance (a.k.a. religious pluralism) is different, going beyond civility amongst differing opinions and insisting that all religions are basically the same. Theological tolerance attempts to make an objective claim based on the forced assumption that every person’s theology is subjective and personal (except for the person making the claim, if you follow that line of logic). One common analogy for this idea is that of a large mountain with many paths to the peak, the point being that while the paths may be different, they all get you to the top, i.e. to God.
In 1979, graffiti artist Lee Quinones and Fab 5 Freddy were given a gallery opening in Rome by art dealer Claudio Bruni. For many outside of New York, it was their first encounter with the art form. Fab 5 Freddy's friendship with Debbie Harry influenced Blondie's single "Rapture" (Chrysalis, 1981). And who can forget Malcolm McLaren's unlikely foray into hip hop in 1980, when he first met Afrika Bambaataa on the streets of Manhattan. Then later released the album "Duck Rock" in 1983 (too much of that snow white!).
I know I’ve said it so many times, but I wish I were there for you now. I would love to cook for you and D and the kids. I would take the kids to the park. I would hug you, and listen to you, and make you silly little things. I would try to pretend that this would all go away, and I would cry with you when it was clear it would not.
Sparkle to Landlord: "Thanks for coming by to help with the sink! Something else just came up--did you happen to see the front yard as you drove in?"
Drag: Oh and what does she do?
57) i’m gonna cry, quick, hold me! ha ha ha +
BECKHAM
Hours later the man calls home to his wife:"Jeanie, is the cat there?"
- my little girl's 'Open Door Day' at her ballet class
Kota Marudu MP, federal minister Maximus Ongkili has been unable to untangle the thorny issue.
we've had eighty degree weather for several days,
God is good. And every time something bad happens, I remind myself that everything happens for a reason, and that God has a good plan for my life. I know this summer is going to be ridiculously busy, and bound to be stressful and full of anxiety if I let it get the best of me. I’ll do my best to put in my best effort into this move and finishing my book, and glorify God in the process. Please pray that as hard as everything will be, that God will be glorified in what we do.
So I’m sitting here at BeerRant HQ, checking activity on my new Facebook page (which I’ve only had a week or so) and I see a note from one of my nephew’s who says something about Old World Brewery closing down and moving. WTF?
Twas an afternoon to be savoured slowly and appreciated joyfully.
We’ll add links to these terms as we find them — you may want to bookmark this post so you can find it again.
TK Short for “to come” — I don’t have that information yet but will fill it in later
The best part about RC simulations is the addition of the other cool gadgets that add oodles to the complete experience.
Today's essential vegan skill is cooking beans from scratch- that is, transforming them from their dried state on the bottom shelf of the grocery store aisle into a big pot of saucy deliciousness. Why should you bother to learn this?
You should be in the garden every day. There’s always a job to do. But as I say: ‘Do a little. Leave a lot!’
More speakers followed, and I continued to sit quietly, listen and understand how to participate.
Love Dan.
like a walk in the rain
You're such a homebody. You only really seem happy at home. You're good for a little while out and about but then your done and want your horse and your bed. Just like your mama.
Hey People!
I have a secret to share. In the last few months, I've discovered hot yoga and I absolutely adore it. Not only is it a great workout, it provides me with a profound sense of calm and greatly helps with my concentration, a bonus when you're a writer and trying to finish some books.
Always use a password—it’s amazing how many accounts have blank passwords. And choose a complex one. Don’t use your dog’s name, your anniversary date, or the name of the local football team. And don’t use the word “password”! Pick a password that has a mix of upper- and lower-case letters, number, punctuation marks, and so forth. Make it as long as possible. And change it often. Once you’ve picked a strong password, handle it appropriately. Don’t write it down. If you absolutely must write it down, at the very least keep it in a safe or a locked drawer—the first thing a bad guy who’s hunting for passwords will do is check for a yellow sticky note on the side of your screen, or in the top desk drawer. Don’t tell anyone what your password is. Remember what Ben Franklin said: two people can keep a secret, but only if one of them is dead.
Tommy Williams is a thug and a bully !
The Wide Horizon. Loula Grace Erdman. 1956/2007. Bethlehem Books. 279 pages.
to visit.
I'm writing this post as I listen to Grace and Harriet beat the crap out of each other with foam light sabers. Harriet complaining that Grace doesn't fight fair. Grace complaining that she is getting hurt (by her little sister with the foam light saber.) Ahhh... the sweet sounds of motherhood.
Juba up ‘n’ Juba down, Juba all aroun’ the town.
To float, perchance to fly
with words and wondrous tongue so wickedly.
2-3 tbsp butter or clarified butter
Of course I agreed to the offer.
It had been unseasonably warm, hot even, all week, but today, it rained a little and the temperature plummeted, suddenly tank tops and mini skirts disappeared to be replaced by scarves and winter coats, and those tourists caught unawares were left freezing and sneezing. That would include yours most truly, as I coughed my way through the windy, wet day, and decided that for once I should forgo dancing and go to bed early (like before 5 AM!). I did make it back to Neo Tango in the afternoon, and paid in cash the two pairs of lovely shoes they saved for me, plus a pair of sexy "pantalones" with slits ($100 pesos).
there would be enough love to fill us all
Disclaimer: I received this book in exchange for an honest review. No monetary compensation was involved.
3 tablespoons golden balsamic vinegar
poisoning.
I will take no bull-calf from your stalls, *
Here are the two munchkins all dressed up at Grandma and Granddad's house...awwww!
glennpisani.wordpress.com
Salon networking night is a good opportunity to chat with the talented New England designers and that drive New England's creative scene. Be prepared to exchange ideas, promote your line and chat about yourself and your work. If you are new to Design Salon, come check us out. If you haven't checked in for awhile, now is the time.....
Expect to find clothes and accessories by cool up and coming Scandinavian and British designers at POP, as well some more established brands, and a bijou selection of vintage and second-hand designer goods. I am privileged to be amongst some of the top fashion bloggers and industry fash-pack to be invited to a press evening Friday 4th of May at the store.
I'm entering this card into the Lili of the Valley "Love Is In The Air" Challenge. Find out more about their challenge here.
1 madness
“In the presence of an infringement of copyright or a neighbouring right due to [“occasionné par” in French] the content of an online public communication service [a website], the High Court, ruling in the form of référés [ a specific form of legal proceedings] may order, upon action by rightsholders [or representative bodies] any measures appropriate to prevent or put an end to such infringement against any person capable of contributing to remedying the situation.” The case-law on this provision is not exactly legion. The Court of Appeals of Paris handed down a decision on 3 May 2011 in which the provision was relied upon against Google Suggest and its habit of suggesting terms such as “torrent”, “megaupload” and “rapidshare”; the Court held that the requirements set out by the provision were not satisfied in that Google Suggest was merely a tool and was not itself the source of infringement as required by Section L.336-2.
I love him so much.
Life is getting in the way of my blogging time and also lack of sun/light in my little flat means no pictures. BUT I'm going back to Devon next week where I will devote time to taking snaps and outfit pictures so blogging can happen more often!
In his latest essay, Takuan Seiyo weighs in on Andreas Malm, Tor Bach, Klassekampen, NRK, and the demographic makeup of Gates of Vienna readers (see previous posts here, here, and here). Using these issues as his starting point, he extends the topic to take in the Progressive ascendancy and the resulting suicide of the West.
The Motorcycle for those who still need the big power on this island where the maximum speed limit is 35 mph. They are very eye catching and always have an appeal to many people. Whether it's a Harley chopper or a "crotch rocket" Japanese bike, they are very appealing to many observers on the street. Duval Street is the primary place to see or be seen on your classy motorcycle, it offers a place where everyone interested can get together for good conversation about their favorite subject.
Another Fun Trip comes to an end Colleen heads home and My Sister comes to get me ..
The mandate for the study was to:
All my other animals would readily concur
You know, Devereux talks about how these anthropomorphic forms seem to come from these luminous mists and clouds. And who knows what we’re dealing with here, but it seems evident that the Bigfoot appearances are associated with some kind of…they have some energy dimension to them.
Hound lungs inhale
- In the US, I think you refer to Knickers/knickerbockers as a type of golfing pants – or Plus fours.
People are all about giving God credit for the good stuff, but you never hear anyone give him credit for striking some kid with cancer or a fire that burns a house down. (And those that would comfort a grieving parent with "God has a plan" should die a thousand fiery deaths.)
And it was really good.
If, on the other hand, you like more natural alternatives to that oddly colored beverage, but enjoy the flavor of it, then I think maybe you’ll like my more natural sports drink.
Those seamen were becoming desperate on that boat. Some may have come to the very point of death and at such a time, one’s life passes before him. They could see their past sin, wickedness and evil behaviour. When facing eternity they could see the futility of their pagan religion, the impotence of their false gods.
A few weeks ago, I received an email from Style Me Pretty, asking all of us Little Black Book members to submit photos of the cute little ring bearers from our weddings. I submitted the following and they posted them on their blog today! You can read the post HERE!
A curious list
I suppose that I should be used to it now. It never quite goes the way I figure it would. I say this not only about the labyrinth, but also meditation, heck magickal work even. There are always surprises in store it would seem. Such was last night.
a closed door
I also wanted to make a practical, cute and not too expensive gift for the teachers. We are bringing them little things each day of the week.
Hello again, and welcome, to my new friends,
Paper: Pool Party, Calypso Coral, Whisper White
ARE YOU MOTHER FUCKING KIDDING ME? -- and that was just Uncle Duke’s reaction.
To: GRIFFIN Nick; BNP North West
On a positive note, it produces a pretty good belch without that beery feedback loop created by beers which taste of beer and it is named after a song by Spandau Ballet. If that’s not a good reason to drink it I don’t know what is.
“I know what this thing is. My question is, will this put out someone who is not only a techno-organic, but the woman I love?”
1000 words
There’s something wrong with this picture.
It says a female mouse plus her litter should get at least 51 square inches, while a female rat plus her litter gets at least 124 square inches." Who knew? Do you think anyone asked the rodents for their opinion?
I queried for nearly two-and-a-half years, racked up 148 rejections on three different novels and officially gave up one day. Then a funny thing happened the next day – Ms. Sarah LaPolla from Curtis Brown Ltd. requested the full of Cracked. And the rest, as they say, is history.
Islamic Jihad said they will launch attacks on Israel if their terrorist Adnan dies from starvation.
The lady finally pulled her young male friends’ arm, and they walked out of the bar together. My girlfriend stood there a moment perplexed, but continued sipping her rum and coke. The guy stayed by the lady’s side the entire time.
THE SECRETARY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES, THE REGIONAL EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, DENR-REGION VI, REGIONAL TECHNICAL DIRECTOR FOR LANDS, LANDS MANAGEMENT BUREAU, REGION VI PROVINCIAL ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES OFFICER OF KALIBO, AKLAN, REGISTER OF DEEDS, DIRECTOR OF LAND REGISTRATION AUTHORITY, DEPARTMENT OF TOURISM SECRETARY, DIRECTOR OF PHILIPPINE TOURISM AUTHORITY, petitioners,
AS: Some of your images comment directly on the diminishing choices of people living in smaller, economically challenged communities like Galesburg. For example, your cousin Cindy and her husband lost their jobs when the Maytag local factory closed down. There was a time in our country where you could comment about economic hardship without it seeming like an overtly political statement. Today, in this hyper-polarized climate that's harder to do. Did you intend these images to be overtly political?
Once you start making compost, you'll look at your household waste in a different way. Many things that were once alive, like paper, cardboard, cotton and linen fabric, hair, tea leaves etc, can be used to make compost. Instead of being waste, they'll now be a resource to make the best fertiliser around. So start your search today. If you're decluttering, bingo! You can use all those old papers, magazines and worn out skirts in your compost heap. Set up a little compost collection bucket in your kitchen for the kitchen waste you want to put into the compost. It's best if this has a lid if you want to empty it once a day.
All of which set me up for a surprise.
Rhoswen smiled back at her. “Now that you are assured your friend is unharmed,” she said turning to Reeve, “would you mind dressing the wound you gave me?”
I was out Christmas shopping today - fighting the crowds, what a nightmare - and I popped into Zara quickly to see if Kate's dress (the one she wore to the concert this week, see here) was still available. I only found the skirt first. I tried it on - it fits nicely, although I might have it shortened a bit, and the lace is really pretty.
This document is released in public interested in free sat tv for computer and if you have any further queries just post them below along with your experiences and I will be glad to respond.
Now the Attorney General or somebody needs to go back through the 2,000+ cases in which Pikett testified and determine how many convictions were based primarily on his dogs' testimony. I have little doubt that innocent people have been accused and convicted in Texas courts as a result of this flawed and untested technique.
We arrived at Lourghn, my first home, the great city that it now is was only a small town when I was born in it. In the center of it stands the statue of Aridios “Ironblade” Airstrider, my best friend, may he rest in peace. He’s honored as the greatest human hero to have been born ever, and he was even if they embellished his history a bit. If it wasn’t for his bravery and kindness and his ability to unite people under a belief, most of the places that exist now would never have existed.
I liked this look a LOT. Most people who saw it only viewed it as red-on-black, but I knew about the lovely red sparkle in For Bitten.
Kam just shared this image with me, along with this press release about the release of the stamp:
Cuts: Cricut Create a Critter (monkey, vine, bananas), Plantin Schoolbook (scallop border, grass), Silhouette Playground
My cholesterol. It has come down 28 points since May 2009, nothing to worry about. Yes the LDL was a little high but less then last year, lots less then the year before. My good HDL is excellent which makes up the difference in the bad so nothing to worry about there. Okay so the next thing we talked about….
Now these very same no-nonsense staff are going to ask me my name. My name? Why for God’s sake? Do they want to make friends? Are we supposed to be building some kind of relationship in the 3 minutes it takes to order a coffee?
But, it made me completely forget that Wednesdays used to be devoted to food!
Ten years ago.
So folks, once again Wasilla, Alaska makes the news thanks to Levi and Sunny. One can only wonder where this relationship will go. Will Levi and Sunny settle down in Wasilla and spend many happy evenings on their patio gazing out at the stars, and Russia? Will Bristol Palin and Sunny become friends and join the PTA? Will there be a new reality show entitled, “Fornicating With Levi?” And finally………………………..
This little piggy went to market...and made it big in porkbellies!
When the space jockey seeds a planet and then wants to erase the species of life it has created via seeding the planet with genetically engineered DNA if the experiment has gone wrong somehow - IT THEN DROPS THE ALIEN EGGS on to the planet and they kill off the creatures that have been created by the space jockey.
Whether you consider yourself and extrovert, introvert or “ambivert,” I hope you’ll take the time to listen and glean what wisdom you can from Susan Cain. Skills can be learned and improved upon. Learning to see the world through the eyes of someone different from you is a skill and Susan helps us with this by giving us a glimpse into the world of the introvert.
Now it's your turn! What are your favorites?
- All work that is to be hung on walls must be securely wired.
I first wrote about Mr. Goldsmith in 2003 and heard from his grandson. He was irritated at first about the ‘professional survivor’ tag I had applied to his grandfather but as we communicated more, he came to realize I knew his grandfather pretty well and after that he treated me like a family friend. He has a pizza restaurant in Indiana.
11/23/10: When the Human Brain Malfunctions…: My thoughts regarding some of the tragic injuries and health problems I see (literally) that have affected people’s minds. I include a few stories regarding my grandmother’s struggle with aphasia following a stroke and some of the head CT’s and MRIs I see every day of unfortunate patients. I wrote this while I was on my neuroradiology rotation.
On our way back to school, I would cover my nose with my right palm and smell it, so that I could get the 'Theeyal' smell, till it lasted! Now you know why I didn't wash my hands with soap :-)
Pebble soup has teamed up with TOTAL Greek Yoghurt to give one reader the chance of winning a healthy start up pack.
1. The only way out is through.
I will BHLDN my breathe until I see more!
“Girl With a Pearl Earring,” painted around 1665, was last seen in the United States in 1995 at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C., in a 21-picture exhibition focused solely on Vermeer.
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: Don’t you have anything else to deal with except Egypt’s national security?
Please come and visit me at my full blog location:
“For there is one God, and one Mediator between God and men, the Man Christ Jesus…” 1 Timothy 2:5
In a double boiler, melt your chocolate with the condensed milk.
Dr. Don Colbert provides an easy-to-understand and comprehensive explanation of the toxic battle you’re in. He also exposes risk factors and provides alternative solutions for living free from cancer, heart disease, liver disease, diabetes and more. You may be an average American who is overfed and undernourished, which means you are probably toxic, but there is hope. Detoxify your body with Dr. Colbert’s medically sound and proven program of juice fasting. Deep cleansing your body right down to the cellular level will renew your vitality, restore your energy, reclaim your health, shed toxic fat, lengthen your life and give you a healthy glow.
About this time we were ready to eat!
I won’t leave to
I'd better explain. The other day we were talking with our eldest daughter about which days of the week the grandchildren were born on. We had a Monday's child first; and the new babies have been Sunday, Saturday and Friday in that order. You know the old rhyme, don't you? Monday's child is fair of face, etc. So we got to discussing how true the various labels were, in terms of our own family. We thought it was most unfair, and untrue, for poor Middle Daughter to be labelled 'full of woe' (being a Wednesday child), but the others (Sunday and Tuesday) have nice, complimentary descriptions attached to them. I was happy to show off about being a Friday's child - loving and giving. Nice one. I've always thought that was obviously a fair and accurate description of my loving and giving self! (!)
AT&T Spotlight Performance: Steelo Vasquez – a street dancer who suffered a brain aneurysm that left him unable to walk or talk. His performance tonight is his first public performance since he was hospitalized. Such an amazing story, it brought a lot of people in the audience to tears, including me.
Did I mention I have a 4 day weekend coming up… woot!!
I have been wanting to try this top on for months now, so I was happy to see it still hanging in the store. Since it's arrival on the website they have released at least one more color, perhaps more. This gorgeous turquoise is so fun and perfect for this time of year. It's also very versatile. I took an X-Small in this top, and would NO WAY be able to take anything bigger. This top runs big, so size down. I could go without wearing anything underneath it because the neck doesn't dip too low, and it's not see-through, but honestly, I would probably want to wear a cami or tank anyways just to be on the safe side. It is pretty long so it's a tunic-type look on me, but I think it's really comfy and cute, and could see myself loving it. Wish listed!
Like most Facebook users over thirty, I segment my friends into those I went to high school with, college buddies, professional acquaintances, local friends, and cyber hookers with 46 friends who slip through the cracks undetected. I usually post witty remarks, photos, or videos about my life, business, kids, accomplishments, or challenges. I send it out into the universe hoping that my thousands of friends find me as interesting as I do. I am all things to all people.
I think I would have been in heaven with a canopy bed like the
For many years there has not been a cure for those suffering the disease known as Cystic Fibrosis.
Rel tossed another branch on the fire, harder than was necessary, and the cascade of sparks gave him emphasis. "Like me, you mean?"
The list could go on indefinitely, and each of us could add to it. But what’s the point? Remembering the past only changes the present if we receive God’s forgiveness and focus on what He has promised us for the future.
I said, "Not to minimize, at all, what you are going through, but: if your relationship was always easy, you wouldn't like it. Nobody would. The difficult part is what makes it interesting, and worthwhile."
Book/Read it
Hynix Semiconductor, +65%
This is the FlyLo remix of their single "Wobegone", and I think you'll agree it is quite tasty. For more info on The Long Lost I suggest you check out their myspace.
As it turns out, this was near the time that I started blogging too.
USA Doughnut Girls – Ansauville c.1918
This will be my last blog post for a while. Life is getting busier on a personal level – I need to address my fitness issues too and I have spent far too long at my PC!!! I shall continue to create photo art and maintain my Flickr account, but the blogs are on the back burner for now.
First published: 1899
I got most of our Christmas cards done yesterday (yes, for 2008 - I'm that far behind). The Queen had her 5-year-old checkup so that's out of the way, and we're taking her pictures on Wednesday. So some of my relatives will not get their Christmas cards until those pictures come back, because I'm cheap that way. And we might as well just go ahead and stick the Valentines in there at the same time.
~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engines have been used in the new plane, which launched commercially last November.
There’s no Pirates trailer up yet, but do we really need one? It’s going to be nearly three hours long, have approximately a dozen plot threads fighting for dominance, give Johnny Depp another opportunity to mince around like a deranged git, and I am going to bring a big bottle of rum to the theater and enjoy every damn minute of it.
More than 4,917 patients have undergone our safe and effective dental sedation procedures. Find out why here.
Can't believe why I waited so long to attempt this all-time favorite and classic Cantonese dish. I have never cooked this dish before, even though I have always wanted to do so. Lazy perhaps, but the main reason is it involves deep-frying and I tried to avoid deep-frying at home, where possible.
Nice a simples!
When their precious daughter, Colette was diagnosed with Wilms Tumor and passed away, Nancy and Jim Chuda looked in vain for any clues to the cause of her condition. Much to their surprise, they found that there was very little scientific research on the link between the growing incidence of childhood cancer and environmental toxins. These grieving parents became a voice for the nation and the world by founding the non-profit, Healthy Child Healthy World to educate parents about important things to do to keep their family safe from environmental toxins.
“If you’re a service person, and if you get it wrong at your point in the customer’s chain of experience, you are very likely erasing from the customer’s mind all the memories of the good treatment he or she may have had up until you. But if you get it right, you have a chance to undo all the wrongs that may have happened before the customer got to you. You really are the moment of truth.” From: Service America
1) Decide what it is you want and write it down.
What kind of dumb things? Well, The Sacramento Bee reports, the Teamsters’ lawyer believes the jury’s finding “doesn’t really mean anything, and that his client is completely exonerated.” Oh?
104. Drawings from my children.
I mentioned a couple of days ago that sometimes all we can manage are tiny steps when the big ones are just too much. Afterwards I found myself thinking about some of my earliest memories and wrote a little Adventure you can find next door. It's not much of a story but does seem to indicate certain tendencies that would develop later. If I'm going to add to the memoirs I figured I may as well start over near the beginning.
Then, one day, the digging machines simply put themselves out of business – because the planet has disappeared.
Continue to cook for another minute before removing from heat
The outside of the place doesn’t do the theater justice since it simply looks like an old building, especially when it’s located next to the Medieval Times Castle, which is an adventure with a similar concept but different theme. However, the entrance is festively decorated as a type of saloon where adults can enjoy drinks from the bar while pirate-looking ladies and lads walk around with appetizers such as various cheeses, fruits, and meats.
Playing the chimes
Looking forward to a great participation from you all. In case of any doubts, do feel free to drop me a comment on this post and I will answer it asap.
I am reminded of Stephen in Acts 7:56 when he testified that he saw “the heavens opened, and the Son of man standing on the right hand of God,” The reaction was similar to this account of the apostle Paul. He reported that he saw the Lord while in a trance in the temple. The mandate was for Paul to quickly leave Jerusalem for Israel was manifesting not mere unbelief but angry rebellion. He did leave only to return at this late date.
So far, the language has come under fire from a handful of financial institutions, and while both sides made arguments regarding the initiative’s appropriateness on Friday, most were rejected because they did not apply to title board proceedings. In the meantime, the board denied efforts to stage a rehearing to slow down the initiative.
I received Jacob’s results of the evaluation that Dr. Wilkinson performed on him. Pull up a copy from Jacob’s records, review it, and then, I would like to know how you can justify the three years and counting that has passed with no long term strategies in place to help my son succeed as a PBC student. Jacob’s evaluation includes words such as “Significantly Below Average”, “Functional Weaknesses”, “Low Average”, “Functioning in the Below Average Range of Intellectual Ability”, “May be Expected to Occur in Only 3% of the Normative Population, etc.” And then there is my favorite part of the revaluation, one of the final recommendations stating that “FURTHER ASSESSMENT SHOULD INCLUDE…”
One trait my father and I share is this: putting enough soda crackers in our tomato soup to make it have the consistency and look of mushy oatmeal.
Head Office 15
is going to announce the winner of my giveaway:
I decided that with our current weather consisting of both warm and cold temperatures, the jackets and coats and backpacks and shoes in our launch pad were driving me a little bit insane. I don't mind the backpacks and either a coat or jacket on the hook. I don't even mind a pair of shoes for each person on the rug below. But multiple coats ans jackets, multiple pairs of shoes? Uh uh. It was too much and it was driving me bananas. So, I took all of the jackets and coats and hung them on hangers in the closet. I put all of the backpacks on their hooks and I removed all of the shoes.
Originally Sent Feb. 3 2010
Pulling me close,
Burnt Umber
Harp seal
Blurb: A lively book illustrated with archival photos, Secrets of Lake Simcoe is a valuable addition to local history collections and provides a refreshing way for anyone to view what some consider to be Canada’s sixth Great Lake. At the heart of central Ontario, Lake Simcoe has played an important role in the province’s history for hundreds of years. Today a popular destination for pleasure-seekers and cottagers, it helped open up the region to explorers and fur traders, settlers and entrepreneurs. The lake has secrets aplenty and this book offers a selection of stories of dramatic episodes from the lake’s past. There are shipwrecks, stately resorts, vanished industries, forgotten forts and even murder most foul.
Your intelligence is the most remarkable thing you possess. Beauty is incidental to the confidence it gives you.
The members of our merry dining crew have all been terribly spoilt by the generosity of Mr and Mrs Pig Flyin'. Our original aim was to rotate as hosts for roving dinner parties, but lately it's all been about Chez Pig. Pig Flyin cooks with such selfless generosity and unparalleled effort that we can never resist another invite. And it always beggars belief that Pig Flyin' is an entirely self-taught cook who works in IT.
As a world famous brand in manufacturing splendid watches, Guess has gained more and more popularity among people for its high quality timepieces. It has become an international brand since the successful launch of its first range of timepieces in 1983.
Me: What did...
I wanted to continue my look into phrasal verbs. This is such a tricky area of English for my intermediate and early advanced language learners. I wanted to learn more about them and share what I discovered. I found out that there are 3 types of multi-word verbs: phrasal verbs, prepositional verbs and phrasal-prepositional verbs.
There is only one way to dispel myself of this unsettled feeling and that is to write three unconnected paragraphs to break the curse. I will pick the first three pieces of text that I have to hand.
Go ahead and make this cake. Your family will love you. Your hips? Not so much.
Then had We made thee taste a double (punishment) of living and a double (punishment) of dying, then hadst thou found no helper against Us. (17:73-75)
That’s because assaulting peaceful crowds in a public square demanding real democracy – economic and not just political – would remind the world of the brittle autocrats who brutalised their people demanding justice before they were swept away by the Arab Spring. And the state violence has already backfired. After police attacked a Saturday afternoon march that started from Liberty Park the crowds only got bigger and media interest grew.
p.s. I love you think geek!
Snap decision. I am going to tell you about my meals. For breakfast, I had some Mini Shredded Wheat. These are essentially like little parcels of thin string, fashioned into what looks like a cushion. You pour milk on them, and you eat them. Habits like this, which we Brits have, are presumably what make foreigners think we are weird. While they are buttering croissants and drinking posh coffee, or spreading maple syrup on a fresh waffle, we are eating parcels of string, and still calling ourselves civilised.
My lover came by with blood roses
Does KRS-One just choose to operate in the shadows, as he probably did all those years ago as a teenage graffiti artist in the Bronx? Is it simply a matter of the cliché about people not wanting to hear The Hard Truth? Is he too anti-establishment, too spiritual? Maybe. But, just as happened with his Stop The Violence Movement in 1989, once again a positive message in hip-hop is ignored (squashed?) while bling, beef, and bullet holes make the headlines.
He tried to take a step towards us – faltered... His eyes widened. He seemed held - kept back.
I know today is very hard for you for a number of difficult reasons, whether it be infertility, baby loss, estrangement from your mothers...the list could go on. I have been there for all of them and while today is about happiness and joy for me - that is what I am choosing to focus on - it is still kind of hard for me when I think about my mother today. Apparently she is doing so much better and loving life (according to my SIL) and I am sorry if I don't just buy that and feel extremely jaded about it all...Anyways, not going there today.
100g (3.5 oz) tomato paste
In my experience, the answer to such a query is too often a flat no—you handle it, honey. And so she will, making those tough choices day after day, doing the best she can.
We read books.
I very beleatedly thank her for the kind recognition. Things just get away from me sometimes. Now, I need to list 26 things about me in alphabetical order. I chose to blog about 26 places that interest me. And then I need to also pass this award on to 10 people…..(When you accept the award, link to this post).
We’re the same age;; I usually use formal speech to talk to the EXO members
-Lil Nette
She stirs a bit, so I know she is still breathing.. I keep checking to make sure she is ok...sweet girl!
Speaking ahead of today’s momentous verdict on Charles Taylor, he said that the trial process will help the people of Sierra Leone to “draw a line under their past”.
-New Copic Class registrations are up for my CMC Classes on the Road--- Connecticut (June) and 2 spots in Ontario (August & then Nov) are now up at www.cmcroad.com. I’d love to see you…and I’ve added a new “Hair Only” class to the line-up which is a 3 hour fun class on all styles of hair (esp hard ones) and hair colors!
(Yo! you ready for this?)
I love to feel the rain
You see, in the hinterlands of our nation - that is, the part that is NOT Texas - people do not necessarily view this state as a desirable place to live. When I told people that I was considering moving to Austin, many said, "Wow, Austin is supposed to be great...but, it's in TEXAS. They're CRAZY down there." I did wonder about the wisdom of deep, deep blue me, moving to the reddest of the red lands (albeit to the little blue heart right smack in the center of the state).
Two months later Polayya was paid out by his insurance company, which was just enough to settle his outstanding loan amount, leaving Polayya out of pocket.
“It’s an American solution to an American problem,” Klein said in a phone interview. “Competition and choice have the greatest potential to stimulate innovation.”
My Pink Pirouette scallops were created using the retiring Eyelet Ribbon Border punch. I just let a little bit of it peek from the side of the Sahara Sand strip.
Claire xx
I also loved the list of shops on the High Street as they were running – it shows a far different view than what we have now: “A chemist’s and a draper’s. Farther to teh right, a butcher, a baker, a stationery shop; and to the left, a corn merchant, a hat shop, and another chemist…”
The second part of my report is a bit futuristic because it is more in the planning stages at the current moment. We are beginning the Vietnam War unit this week and my plan is to have the students create a end of the unit project (preferably some type of media project) to analyze the impact of the war on our world today. I would like to give the students a choice of different projects they may create to present their information such as a power point, photostory, wikispace, prezi, etc. I’m more so looking for more ideas right now and suggestions from the group. To achieve media fluency the students must be able to create and publish media with an intended message. I would like to give the students the best options for presenting their message. I felt like this unit is the most logical choice for this type of project due to the pivotal role the media played during the Vietnam War. I feel as though the students will have more options and media information available to them for this unit that they would eras we have covered in the past.
"Brazilians are rapidly acquiring a taste for the finest American whiskeys, and (this) agreement -- when implemented -- will ensure the integrity and authenticity of these world class drinks," said Peter Cressy, president of the Distilled Spirits Council of the U.S. (DISCUS). "Formal recognition for bourbon and Tennessee whiskey producers is critical because it will ensure that only those products produced in accordance with strict U.S. standards will be permitted for sale in the Brazilian market."
Police searching Mfisa’s bakkie discovered her police identification, a police-issue gun, apolice-issue torch, an orange emergency light and two-way hand radios in the vehicle. http://www.politicsweb.co.za/politicsweb/view/politicsweb/en/page72308?oid=177721&sn=Marketingweb%20detail
It won’t fix everything that ails our politics, Lord knows. But it will end some of the most egregious abuses and provide some salutary examples of what happens when you try to screw your fellow citizens and the system of government our ancestors died to create and defend.
On the market you can always find new kinds of cameras with sensor of any size, that's why we can't show all of them in a single image, however it will help you to understand the sizes of the various sensors... READ MORE
It’s not often we get to write 11/11/11 as the day’s date. It’s so special that even Americans get to write it the same way as the rest of the world. So I was thinking about what recipe to post to celebrate such as auspicious day. Then it came to me: Malva Pudding. Most of you are probably thinking, what the (insert expletive here) is that? If you aren’t, that means you are either South African or you’ve eaten in my house.
You want the short version or the long version? The short version is that Agony Aunts is identical to Agony Uncles, in that it gathers up some funny and not-so-funny women to talk about relationships. Their replies are cut off before the any of the women can complete a full thought and are accompanied by the monotonous narration of creator Adam Zwar. Agony Uncles was the television equivalent of the inane ‘What Do Blokes Really Think?’ column you’d find in a women’s mag and the only reason Agony Aunts is marginally better is because the women Zwar speaks to are funnier than the men. Take Judith Lucy out of this episode of television and the number of laughs drop by half.
30 sledgehammer tire swings
1/4 tbs salt
DJ Sumbody: I got a call from the Le Coq offices, asking me to send through my profile, to which I went through the entire interviews, and it’s been 2 weeks since I have been officially signed as a “Brand Ambassador” for Le Coq Sportif. I’d like to think me becoming the Ambassador was driven by the brand I have built for myself and also the good behaviour.
JOYRadio is all about People Inspiring People,with host Pattie Wekel Hall interviewing people from all walks of life, sharing their life-stories, and hopefully inspiring others to create their own personal JOY.
Chase's Breakfast Burritos
Surf’s Up Nintendo DS
The 0.4 percent rise in March inventories followed gains of 0.6 percent in February and 0.1 percent in January.
So next time any veganist comes around mine they’ll get what I’m cooking. MEAT. Don’t like it, well go drink some tea’s with bacon in it!
Another round of "Gift of Jewels" hosted by Se'Lah at Necessary Room. Another wonderful opportunity to connect with others throughout the world. A post card, a card, or something you wished to send, just to reach out from cyberspace to the actual mail box of someone else. Se'Lah chooses the pairings from all who wish to participate.
ALAN was great. I got to sit in on several of the sessions and a couple of the break-outs. Would love to be invited back. I think one of the highlights for me was being on a panel titled "It's a Guy Thing," moderated by Kenan Metzger. The other panelists included Martin Chatterton (a very hip British dude), Brent Crawford, Tom Angleberger, and Derrick Barnes. Tom was hilarious! Especially when he introduced the Shipless Pirates in his latest book. But Derrick was, to me, the highlight. He spook about a man's responsibility for his family and his community. And then on the plane back I got to read his latest novel, We Could Be Brothers, in which he writes about two boys, each from opposite ends of the social economic stratus, but they got each other's back, even through the toughest of situations. It's a must read.
I was very hopeful to have everything around the house and that I wanted accomplished done, however that didn't happen. I continue to work at my vocation as wife and mother and take grace where it is given.
"OMG, are you buying all this stuff?" Sheila asked incredulously.
In order to gain financial independence and security, they’ll need to educate themselves about topics that normally haven’t been at the top of their minds.
I focused our meals around lean protein and an assortment of fresh vegetables. I minimized carbs and switched to whole grain whenever possible. I completely cut out salt and soda. I have a sweet tooth and every afternoon, it ached. Sometimes I fulfilled it with fruit, and other times, I gave in to chocolate. The most important lesson I learned was balance and moderation. One aspect I had to balance was the checkbook. Undeniably, eating fresh and healthy IS more expensive when you're feeding a family of four. In the long run, it's a great investment, but still a challenge of current money and time to keep fresh foods in the house.
So I ate one. JUST one. I put the rest in the refrigerator before I could be tempted to eat the others.
Please remember anything goes with craftyness from scrapbook pages to cards we'd love to see anything crafty so long's it goes with our theme!!
Why do I remember such detail of one ordinary day 30 years ago but can’t recall cleaning my teeth last night? Why do the years pass by, blur and overlap? For some seemingly important events, we struggle to pin them down within a three year margin.
of this foreign place.
As we enter the club we see the lights dancing all around us, the sound waves hit us so hard that our whole bodies instantly start vibrating to the music rhythm.
10. Hate On Me
"...However, it is a basic principle of relations between States that we treat each other's diplomatic representatives with civility and respect, regardless of any policy differences. To do otherwise would seriously undermine the ability of states to conduct international relations."
The scrapping of historic regimental names as part of defence cuts is a senseless body blow to the Army
Sadly, Douglas died in the sinking, his body recovered by the MacKay Bennett and he was buried at Fairview Cemetery, Halifax, Nova Scotia on 6 May 1912.
BRONKHORSTSPRUIT: Elderly Visser couple (84 and 65) attacked on their smallholding with a pipe and scissors.
Here is where the PCs could start out or venture to in a campaign with Sleestak PCs:
But how could it be? For so long this is exactly what I’d hoped for, exactly what I wanted to do.
when we were getting ready for the wedding off of my mom's blog.
Mom- Daddy wont be mad, he loves the rain
It's two weeks tomorrow. An eyeblink. An eternity.
Saturday morning was rainy, so we nixed our run. Did I mention I slept until 9 am? Uninterrupted? Sweet. We met Diane for brunch at a place called Frankies. I guess brunch is huge for New Yorkers.
While I am eagerly waiting for my markers to arrive I got to thinking about what I'm going to color and I decided to draw up a manga image of little red ridding hood. I was watching the new version of the tale and thought it'd be a good subject to draw, except a little bit more gothic style. I might try to draw up the huntsman next. Here she is:
None of this has happened yet. In a recent conversation with my mother we joked about the frequency with which I fall, and she took great pleasure in regaling me with stories from my toddler-hood of my life on the border of reckless and fearless (I remember the time you charged into the water in Rhode Island and the wave knocked you over, I remember the time you took a flying leap onto the sled and the sled didn’t move and you slammed your face into the snow…she takes a bit more joy in these stories than is seemly). That’s where I have always lived my life, on the edges of good taste and good sense, hoping that there is enough room for me to spaz out and not hit anything.
I felt a little panicked, worried that I still had the shoulders in and had a shoulder dystocia. I guess I was just expecting to have the baby pulled out the rest of the way, the way we do in the OB-world. But they were just waiting for another push from me. So I did, and then he was here.
I have been under the weather the last 2 weeks with pneumonia and am just now getting back into doing any crafting. I will be adding some cards in the next few days that I've done for our Club Scrap PSL challenge
It's not just her though. It's all the other very loud, very judgmental, very opinionated, very holier than thou parents who think that they are doing it right and if you're not doing the same thing, well then social services better come and snatch your kid up right now.
The event, organized by Leslie Westbrook of the Academy Art Museum, with help from the Washington Moroccan Club, will feature a souk—a market where artisans, craftsmen, and vendors sell Moroccan handmade goods, carpets, caftans, leather goods, and spices. Artwork exhibits will feature Moroccan artists Hamid Kachmar and photography by Moroccan artist Lalla Essaydi. His Excellency Ambassador Rachad Bouhlal, Ambassador of the Kingdom of Morocco to the US, will be a special guest and will officially open the event with a ribbon-cutting ceremony.
October 10 – LC Pavilion, Columbus, OH
Hopefully the Delhi High Court will evolve such a format for the copyright infringement suits filed by PPL and IPRS.
Harvi never even remotely imagined his challenges would be anything of this sort. He had never killed a mouse and he was now supposed to kill a lion. Before that he had to figure where this lion could be found. He turned to the alien to ask him. The alien had disappeared. He was now on his own.
I don’t often read new emerging poetry in Hindi because it is not that easily available and there are simply no publications in the market, no journals, that are easily available and promote new talent. And without this visible option, most people of a literary bent of mind prefer to read the older, established poets. There are efforts in India to have authors writing in the vernacular translated into English,but first you must get published in the vernacular…and that too is far from easy. Even if you do you will hardly make any money from it. Never mind, I tell myself, poets rarely make money anywhere in the world…
got to work, It was my day to groom on my own and do my test dogs, but for some reason, I was NOT feeling it, I had a weird pressure at the bottom of my stomach, but i thought it was him just moving. I was going slow all day and just felt weird. and then I got in a fight with my husband and burst into tears, the night before he had been out to a club with a few girls, and I was totally freaking out. when a new girl walked up to me and said, you need to stop. stress like this can cause premature labor, your going to lose that baby.
This is all coming straight from head to paper, so it’s still a fairly rough conception of ethics, but it’s a reasonable start. Here’s a quick review of important points to consider:
2T soy sauce
Flashes afresh to hold and horrify.
‘Til we met again
And yet, just because most of them did worse on the second test, now is not the time for the careers counsellor to be steering these kids away from brain surgery and down the path of theoretical physics.
"Where the fuck do they get those clothes? All the fucking same."
Finally, it’s possible to avoid Wi-Fi networks altogether and connect to the internet through a wireless carrier. For this totally mobile service you will likely pay $50.00 – $60.00 /month. Wireless carriers use encryption when transferring data. For your mobile device you’ll probably need a large or unlimited GB plan. Laptops will require a special device that plugs into a port like a flash drive.
I don't have many shots showing the process, mainly because I was in such a tight time-crunch and sleeping so little that stopping to take documentary photos seemed like an unaffordable luxury.
To begin, bake your cookies.
My skin type is fairly normal with an oily t zone with large pores especially on my nose area oh and a tendancy to breakouts (Lucky me)
In proposing to replace the word euthanasia with the term “aide médicale à mourir,” the committee is introducing a euphemism that both trivializes and is likely to conceal underlying moral and ethical issues.
Rioting also flared up near Qalandiya and Hebron, where mobs stoned Israeli security forces, burned tires and blocked roads.
I hate you because when I complain about these things, you say
Ok, you can watch one more video before you go.
As I said above, these are only a few examples – but I’d love to hear your take on the principles of writing Good Smut.
“Most mainline Protestant churches are, to one degree or another, post-Christian. If they no longer seem disposed to converting the unbelieving to Christ, they can at least convert them to the boggiest of soft left political cliches, on the grounds that if Jesus were alive today he’d most likely be a gay Anglican bishop in a committed relationship driving around in an environmentally friendly car with an “Arms Are for Hugging” sticker on the way to an interfaith dialogue with a Wiccan and a couple of Wahhabi immams.”
4. If ALL ELSE FAILS – STAND STILL! Nothing is more revolting than a trail of puke out of bed, down the hall and across the bathroom. As much as I detest cleaning, I’d rather clean one sodden spot than a whole house. If I have to cut out a patch of carpet and burn it, I will.
*kids arrive, shoes away properly
I was at the recent launch of Scottish based project - the first ever dedicated crowdfunding website for the Third Sector – and its founders want it to revolutionise how projects are funded in the UK.
“I want loaves of dark chocolate.”
This morning I had to drop my daughter off at the community college for play practice. I drove in the parking garage and there was a group of 4 men standing at the entrance. My daughter looked at me and told me to keep driving and find another entrance. I pulled in the nearest space because I was late for work and in a hurry. We got out of our car and one man walked away from the group. The remaining men stood at the entrance talking. We walked through the exit and went to the theater.
This is the year that I will accomplish so much . . . I will live more . . . I will do more . . . I will be more . . . I will love more!
It’s been predicted that in the next few years, towns and villages will stop picking up leaves, even those that are bagged and or left in piles by the curb; it’s costly and wasteful. Homeowners will be required to get mulching mowers and use the chopped-up leaves to fertilize their lawns and beds. Last year, I did a post with all the details. The trend, thankfully, is starting to catch on.
Have a lovely Sunday. A demain.
It is too easy to just say "Show up at Max's everyday for something good" or "Go to Metropolitan", so here are a few that I feel are a bit special (and some cost a little bit of money), but you should definitely consider them:
4 Big 'P'
Have you ever made your own refried beans? How about freezing them or other beans? I'm learning that just about anything can be frozen if you do it right...
When it was all said and done, we got exactly what we were looking for. I love the way the light plays off the cover of the pendant.
The gorgeous weather and the need to tidy up and get rid of the grass that we couldn’t ever really maintain to any level that would warrant it being called a ‘lawn’ stirred us into finally getting on with it last weekend.
My first post, “And Then I Discovered Hulu”, violated the rules against personal narrative, but because it was my first post, I thought I would introduce my personal television experience and myself to the audience. I chose that title because it was relatable and would therefore grab the audience’s attention. I was a bit unorganized in my first couple of blog posts as blogging was a completely new experience for me, but I soon got the hang of it. Every post required multiple revisions, but it was worth the effort.
I learned from this experience to never be predictable in some situations. I also have become extremely jumpy and I blame a lot of it on this situation and also from a lot of break-ins or attempted break-ins to the homes I lived in as a kid. I have many weapons by my bed and my husband is scared to come into the house unannounced.
the one who taught me how to be a mom.
Kei Chi (Lycium Berries), 2 tablespoons
"This is one race of people for whom psychoanalysis is of no use whatsoever."
Hello everyone and welcome to the FELINE THANKFUL BLOG PARTY and HOP!! I became involved with Feline Playful in December of last year and it has been such a wonderful experience working with the fabulous DT. We decided to throw this blog party and hop as our way of saying thank you to the Feline Playful followers - over 1800 of you and counting - and thank you to the craft companies and challenge blogs (we're tracking over 500 challenges!) that inspire us to keep crafting.
Finally, as she longed for and dreamed of her solution, Sophia slipped into oblivion.
The Board has provided $168.4 million in public school library aid over the last five years. School librarians in each district use the money to purchase books, newspapers and periodicals, computer hardware and software, web-based resources, and other library materials.
But let’s start when he was eleven. In the pantry one day he innocently asks Mina, their nurse, who he describes as “the mildest and kindest and probably the weakest woman in the world,” and La, his mother’s cousin who happens to be there at the time, about Mrs Carnoustie’s legs; he had heard mentioned that she was deformed. And it wasn’t only her legs; no. La explains:
Stamps are of course from Penny Black - Toadily. Sentiment is from Imagine That.
Yup, Christmas is coming and our tree will be going up this weekend. I've attempted to do some online shopping for gifts but I can't help but notice that my own virtual basket of things I quite fancy for myself has been steadily increasing. Oops. Oh well, they can definitely be put to good use in another one of my collages.
Pages -143
Not remembering what Joan wore in the Haight (a skirt with a leotard and stockings) is like not remembering what Ahab was trying to kill in Moby-Dick.
The anonymous source familiar with the IAAF enquiry says that the two parties at fault for the debacle are “the IAAF and especially Athletics SA. The South Africans have got a massive responsibility, but no one seems to be attacking them. Basically they (ASA) have known for months, for years, that she’s not normal. They could have set in process these kind of tests if they had been more responsible.”
Life is so hard. As we struggle through it we often lose focus of the big picture and what is most important to us. But over a break like this, even through dealing with the two funerals, I am so blessed to be challenged to regain focus.
I got my first diary when I was a little girl. It had this ridiculous "lock" on it that made me feel so cool. Hahaha! I'm sure that lock never prevented my little sister from reading all of my 8 year old secrets. ;) I've been writing in a journal for a very long time. I probably have over 25 journals full of my thoughts, worries, celebrations and hopes. Journaling is kind of like blogging, they are both very therapeutic for me. Something about writing makes me feel better.
8. Us And Them (7:49)
Introduction: I wrote the novel Aksinya: Enchantment and the Daemon. This was my 21st novel, and on this blog, I gave you the entire novel in installments that included commentary on the writing. In the commentary, in addition to other general information on writing, I explained, how the novel was constructed, the metaphors and symbols in it, the writing techniques and tricks I used, and the way I built the scenes. You can look back through this blog and read the entire novel.
For a chance to win a copy, just leave a comment on this post telling me a little about your dream trip--where would you like to wander and why? I'll choose a winner at random next Friday. Good luck! And check back soon for Daddy Likey updates!
George Alexander - Bass
To do list for today-
6. I substitute taught in the Dickinson, Valley City, Stanton and Devils Lake Public school systems (all in ND)
So when someone tries to blame Bush…
So what's changed in the fifty odd years or so since people started reclaiming the paths of the gods and goddesses? What makes now different from then?
You wanna buy another drink for the man standing knee deep in thoughts at the bar?
- you will get haircuts and your nails done more often than I do;
and i suppose i still don't,
Now that India asserts its strategic interests independent of the United States and Israel, with the other members of the group called BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa), it faces a trial of strength. The outcome will depend on whether Delhi can establish its capacity to turn away from what look like instant gains, and promises for future, to secure its long-term interests that are essential for India’s place on the world stage.
Here is another looksie:
Nina is usually a brand you can rely on for well priced evening shoes that do their best to look classy, elegant and event appropriate.
As a result, Mr Johnson banned all GLA staff from using such cards. His aides say he has never used one himself. They state he has only ever bought economy-class tickets as Mayor, though he has occasionally been upgraded and received a ‘small number’ of free flights. They say he uses few taxis and prefers to use his bicycle. An official said Mr Johnson rarely dines at public expense and publishes all details of such events.
The market opened higher on a European rally and traded up to SPX 1387. Then pulled back into the close to 1378. While the rally from yesterday’s SPX 1370 low was quite good we see no reason to change the short term wave count, as posted yesterday. Complete details in the weekend report. Best to you and yours!
- Need ink? Printer Epson?
And Art Journey is such a generous sponsor for this weeks challenge.....there will be one lucky winner who can win these fabulous stampsheets from Art Journey. Check this out....
Everybody buing buing
May that be what carries you through Thursday and into the weekend and beyond.
I use this all the time as a precursor to the introduction of my opinion in any discussion (see above).
The brutal treatment meted out to Soni Sori, and the prevailing situation of conflict and repression in Chhattisgarh, cause us grave concern about Soni in particular, and the situation of women prisoners, in general.
“I have a couple more to get,” I said.
In Warner-Lambert Company, et al. v. Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (Fed. Cir. August 11, 2005), the court affirmed denial of summary judgment of unenforceability based upon the inventor's lack of intent to deceive. In this case, the court noted that Claim 16, at least on its face, appeared to read on much of the Vasotec® formulation:
Day 1: The easiest way to save money is to not have a car. I am not talking about the cost of gas, insurance, depreciation… No, I am impressed at how easy it is to retrench financially without having a car to go to big box retailers and spending money on cheap products. For example, on Day 1 I saved $20 not going to a movie and getting popcorn. (On Day 3 I saved $15 by not going to breakfast with the neighbor.) Buying big and heavy stuff is just not possible with bike transport or walking. We used to say that leaving the house on a weekend costs $200-no mas.
2cups Flour
I AM!!!
'Last Ferry to Bute' is off at last. Trouble is you can go on tinkering with it for ever and already new characters are crowding in demanding to be heard.
From the point that we were dropped, we got on local transport into the city. The first thing I noticed was how FAT these people were. This was the city after all, and it was obvious they all had money. There was a teenager that was really nice and showed us to where we needed to go, in order to change mini-bus (called taxi's in SA) to get to the hostel. We were in awe walking around the city. It was an actual city! We felt like we'd re-entered the civilized world.
We started off with cocktails - brilliantly mixed by Red, but worrying for an author who might have to speak coherently about her work. It felt strange to be back in the world of expat wives - to ask questions like ‘What does your husband do?’ And ‘How long are you here?’ But, true to form, expat women are open and friendly and inventive in the ways they find to transform a nomadic existence. By the time we sit down to dinner - and wine - I feel like I’ve never been away.
2010.08.02 Afghanistan Kandahar 5 1 Five children are blown apart by a suicide car bomber.
Heeeellllllloooooooo Blog Readers!!! :) Be VERY proud of me today! :) I have done a day of almost solid work!!! (which is quite an achievement considering that Wednesday is the day when I have the fewest subjects ;D) I haven’t actually stopped all day really, everything I have done has been rushed, and timed carefully to the nearest minute! I did have to watch some TV today, because otherwise that builds up and blocks other days of revision. So, let’s quickly run through my day, cos I’m tired and I don’t want to still be here in an hours time ;)
The application of this polish is flavless: two smooth coats and a wonderful minty color is achieved.
If you notice above, I've finally succumbed to Pinterest and oh.em.gee...what a time suck. But I'm loving it....it's making me a crazed thrifter. Seriously...it's a little outta hand. AND, I started a Facebook page last night. I'm not sure what's gotten into me. I can't figure out how to get the FB icon on my blog though...so you're safe for now ;) Stay tuned for more fun!
JD: One of the great shames of growing up in Northern Ireland in the 1960s-1980s was the way that everything cultural was politicised.
I also bought another pair of socks and some sole inserts that support my very high arch. (Another reason I suffer shin splints…)
SENATOR MIRIAM Defensor-Santiago and Atty. Narciso Santiago Jr. renewed their vows Saturday. Among the attendees were prominent and controversial politicians including Vice President Jejomar Binay, Ilocos Rep. Imelda Marcos, Pampanga Rep. Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, former president Joseph Estrada, and Senators Jinggoy Estrada, Bong Revilla, Antonio Trillanes IV, Pia & Alan Peter Cayetano, Loren Legarda, Miguel Zubiri, and Manny Villar. Observers say there was ease in finding these VIPs inside the Cathedral. They were all seated in a row labeled: ‘This is where your taxes go.’
At least in one sense. Toddlers are often asking "why?" and are very inquisitive. Genealogists need to be asking the same thing.
The brokenness is in the loss of tension, friend.
It was a hard discusion, as no one at TYSA had an easy answer. Was it better to starve or trade sex for food? These are the dilemmas girls can face here. Morality and chastity become a luxury when faced with starvation, and yet many girls do choose this because they have positive support from their peer community at this “sports organization.”
Cunning
In the old days, authors had two reasonable choices when their publishers quit printing their books and the rights reverted back to the writers.
Daughter may or may not come up today. I enjoy her company but I miss US. We used to be able to do so much together but not now. Maybe when the baby is older she can get a free day now and then. I look forward to that time.
3. Goalie
But with P.D. James, I hoped that a writer of wit and culture was going to give me something to care about. Alas, no. Though Ms. James makes a very good attempt to duplicate the arch sophistication of Austen’s prose, and comes up with some wonderful Regency witticisms of her own, this type of writing is largely abandoned after the first chapter. However, it is more than fascinating to see how James comes up with a few trenchant alternate explanations about Elizabeth’s real motives in snaring Darcy and how her so-called friends (I speak now of the duplicitous Ms. Charlotte Lucas) cynically reacted to their wedding. Come chapter two, however, and the novel becomes a dry, British procedural, with only flashes of Austen’s brilliance surfacing from time to time.
Cashews:7 to 8
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Manby’s Head:
this is the essence of wisdom.
I was always taught -- or maybe I just assumed -- that emotional and rational thought were two very separate things. Much as I might understand something rationally, how I processed it and what emotions that process inspired were other matters altogether.
For the background on this one I used bv08, and g14 along with w7. For the transfer I used bv04 and yg05. For the page I used all of the above colors plus yg23, rv91 and bv13.
“So Davis, can you tell us all how me being a ‘raving lunatic’ will impact our project deadline?” Lana asked from her office in California.
How did my stylish yet resourceful packing job hold up?
I honestly think that it’s one of the most amazing things that God does for us. He helps us to learn and grow. It’s not easy, and I don’t always like Him for it, but, oh, how good it feels when I realize that, thanks to all the seeds and opportunities given to me by God, I’ve got this down, whatever this might be. It lends me confidence, in myself, in the process, and, most especially, in God.
A yellow BE CAREFUL sign was installed.
Leap year, also known as intercalary day was created by Julius Caesar in 45 BC! It occurs just about every four years. (certain years it does not). Since the earth completes it's orbit around the sun in 365 1/4 days, leap year is a way to sync the calendar year with the solar year.
I watched videos of my children. My son Noah being born, my older one meeting him for the first time, birthday parties, the first time they rolled over. They were all such precious memories and parts of the puzzle of my love for my children. Wipe them all away and the love is gone. Or is it? This is still the question. Is love strong enough to prevail?
Step back in time to England’s Victorian era with Posie Graeme-Evans’ new novel, The Dressmaker ($16.00, Atria Books, an imprint of Simon and Schuster). Ellen Gowan, a beautiful and clever girl of humble means reinvents herself to become a famous designer to London’s most fashionable and aristocratic ladies. Starting on her 13th birthday when he father suddenly dies, she encounters life-changing events that cover many years from toiling in a dress factor to setting up her own salon in fashionable Berkley Square. It is, as well, a romantic odyssey that provides a look at a past time and those who lived through it. The American South has generated many great novelists and stories. Love, Charleston by Beth Webb Hart ($14.99, Thomas Nelson) follows in
My last campaign towards the end of the 90’s was set in around 1922 or so, so I decided to have 5 years go by and set the first session on NYE 1927. My catalyst would be my old NPC “Mr. Troy,” a sort of Truman Capote look/sound alike who was a wealthy antiquarian and high society mystic. Mr. Troy featured as a sort of benefactor in my previous campaigns, at one point setting the old characters up in an occult themed antique shop on the newly built Venice Beach Canals (“Venice of America”). At the start of this game, Troy is in New York, and after character set-up I managed to tie most of them in with Mr. Troy so they can be present at his New Years Eve party at a Times Square hotel penthouse.
Gold Cap (13th); 1998 Samlee (3rd); Greenhill Tare Away (UR 27th); 1999 Samlee (10th); Bells Life (PU bef 26th); Mudahim (UR
PROVERBS 3:7-8
Broc and the kids have obligations and quite frankly don't want to drive across the country so they will be flying in and we'll all meet up there. Brenna is headed back up to Northern California for a couple of weeks (and then will be Home for a while!),Logan needs to get home so he can drive up to Vermont for Not Back To School Camp, and Broc's vacation will be over and he'll be headed back to work.
scant 1 cup pumpkin puree
20. “Unfaithful” by Rihanna – “Once a good girl goes bad, she’s gone forever.” RiRi wasn’t lying when she resurrected a Jay-Z lyric. Here, she is cheating on her lover, and he knows that she’s cheating on him. The worst part is that she’s happy with the other guy. Fortunately, she doesn’t want to cheat on him anymore. Out with the old, in with the new, I suppose.
You know there's no excuse
that he is literally pushing himself off the wall, doing flips.
Cracked wheat being "soaked"
When the last company I worked for created a human resources department, the new HR manager decided that she needed to foster a 'team' culture. Weekly meetings were set up, with the most excrutiatingly embarrassing team-building activities: "Okay, today I want you to write what each person's strengths and weaknesses are on a post-it note and stick it up on the wall..." (apparently I was 'friendly' and 'polite').
It was easy! (relatively!)
1 golden beet with greens
A feature of cooking lager enthusiasm is to share it with your fellow man. Always point out the offers to fellow shoppers. Recently I saw a woman buying a 12 can pack of Carling for £9.99. Next to it was a 24 pack on offer at £10. Not everyone does the maths. An “excuse me, that one’s twice the size and 1p” more usually elicits thanks and gratitude with your fellow shopper and rarely a “mind your own business”. Cooking Lager enthusiasm is an approach of sharing the joy with your fellow man and helping your brothers and sisters get there lovely lout as cheap as you do.
7. The next stage is to “feel” it. Feel what it is to be there, do that, create that, experience that. A millisecond of “feeling” energy will do. But sustain it for as long as possible.
a mandelbrott of sheer simplicity i shall become
I return to the issue of pacing as I consume urban fantasy at a voracious rate. In Florida I tore through the rest of the Sookie Stackhouse catalog and started on Simon Green’s Nightside books. The first book in the Age of Misrule series is next. One book that came highly recommended, but that I can’t seem to complete, is Vickie Pettersson’s Scent of Shadows.
Russ: “No, and apropos of his fellow-travelling, the first two rules of etiquette that I learnt were always to eat the label on the pumpernickel for good luck, and never to cross a picket-line.” (audience applause) “My father was put in jail for marching in a picket-line at the hosiery mill, which was the local industry in Lansdale.”
from H&M:
I don’t know about you, but frankly the idea of drones patrolling American cities frightens me. If they are actually utilized here in the states it won’t be long before they are used for violence.
We both got married, divorced, and then remarried. We both have two kids. We both still have tendinitis, his in his Achilles tendon, mine in my left knee, except it's a lot worse for both of us now. Both of us wonder if some day, our failing body parts are going to get their wish, and we'll hang up the racing flats for good. We talk about our failed marriages in hushed tones, using stock phrases people use like "it was just a difficult situation" to avoid saying too much about the dark places we've endured. We talk about the happiness our kids bring.
2 local organic apples diced
The downside to this place being so busy when we got there it did make the wait for our food was a bit long. Especially for a lunch break from work. I think it is possibly the reason my sauce wasn’t hotter when it got to me maybe it could have been sitting waiting to be delivered. I am not sure if this is the reason or if it just wanted heated up all the way. As much as I dislike slow service I can understand that there is only so much they can do when they have a restaurant full of hungry people.
or so I've heard.
The cathedral hush of the ocean at daybreak is as compelling a part of my life as the inland dawns Brigid describes, and hundreds of sunrises are burned into my mind. From clear, hot skies with a purple sun breaking the horizon to cool, drizzly, sullen sunrises on an ocean fishing pier, where the sun isn't seen, certainly isn't felt, but just a brightening to the clouds. The ocean at night, even in sight of the bright lights of land, takes on a different feeling than during the day. The open ocean during the day is certainly a dangerous place, and you feel you're on the roof of an unseen world; but at night it takes on a different, almost ominous feeling. A fish breaking the surface chasing bait while you sit in utter blackness gives you a gut-level understanding of the ancient fears of sea monsters.
Ratchet and Clank 3 (PS2)
Armor was said to fit a man like a glove, yet I have a hard time believing there wasn't some kingly ego-based embellishment going on here. If any of you are knowledgeable about the armor and know why this is so obviously overstated, I'd be curious to hear the story. I mean, I'm guessing it functioned as an overly protective jock strap (must preserve the ability to produce heirs and all that). Still, none of the other suits of armor looked like this...
Sure enough she has a really bad home life. How could it be? How could someone not care enough about this child? Without going into great detail, neglect is the case. I felt as if the wind had been knocked out of me. Why? Because this was not in Africa, or India, or Guatemala...this was in my own backyard. This was personal. As I am just going about my business, here is a precious child like my little girl, that may have circumstances that most people in Western Civilization will never deal with.
· Providing solar lighting system at 1,000 manned level crossing gates.
Kryolan Aqua Color liner - black (applied wet with water, using MAC 210 on upper lash line winging outward)
The Man of the House goes to this same conference every year and this is the first time we have taken advantage of its location.
The very best, in-depth, and positive coverage of the 2012 March for Life was provided by -- no surprise -- EWTN: live and in living color on the main page. 'Cause that's how we roll.
So when Paul met Onesimus, he knew his greatest need, a Saviour. So Paul led him to the Lord. I am going back to Philemon, verse 10. He called Onesimus his son and he could do so for he gave birth to him while a prisoner. That verse reads, “I beseech thee for my son, Onesimus, whom I have begotten in my bonds.” He became Paul’s spiritual son.
Clinical Microbiology : 90
SENATOR REED: My sense is that the Reserve and National Guard forces are not available to replace this.
The story, the cover, the blurb, the title, the author bio, the typography, the margins, the chapter headings, the page numbers, etc. are all designed. These books are designed, inside and out, top to bottom. They are crafted to perfection to convey exactly what the reader is looking for. As a reader I should understand the story just by looking at the book, that is the ultimate goal.
Gates is such a good big brother still. He tries to be so helpful and will take it upon himself to go make bottles, (not a good thing, he makes a mess), he gives them his pacie, wants to hold them even though he isn’t that much bigger then them any more and will dance and sing for them to make them happy.
Elaine Myra Greenberg, 56, New York, N.Y.
We thought today we would update everyone on Mom's search for a new service dog. When Mom adopted me and when Lola was dumped at our house, Mom had a lot more energy and her disease wasn't near as bad as it is today. Because of that, Mom isn't up to finding a good service dog candidate puppy and raising and training him/her so she decided to go the route of a program trained service dog.
It was soooo funny!
I eventually point at the coconut, passionfruit, ginger and mint, a refreshing dessert that combines coconut mousse with tropical passionfruit and heartwarming ginger.
as we see
I recently cleaned and reorganized the studio (pics to come)! and have also planted one of the beds in the backyard (more pics to come). All of this and I have also found some time to redo the graphics on my site. I have rounded all the little corners on my buttons and what not.
HAPPY GROUNDHOG DAY. Longer winter my booty its like 90 degrees & more humid than the rainforest outside. I don't think we have even had a straight WEEK of winter weather. I am ready to head to Park City, Utah on my ski trip to actually see some snow since that is foreign here. Oh & apparently it's free chicken biscuit day at Chick-fil-a because the groundhog saw his shadow haha. I also heard on the radio yesterday that someone had the opportunity on winning a free chicken biscuit every day for an entire year. Holy moly. I love me some Chick-fil-a but let's be real. Everyday?? That person will probably end up hating it before the year is over plus the nuggets are way better.
When you’re in love
All I want to be
Snapshots of the heart is just that, an everyday moment kit perfect for those photo's of our loved ones or the ones we love best because we have snapped them from behind our lens's.
I am making no changes to the content, save using modern script and changing the punctuation and capitalizing in places for ease of reading. Since the book is out of print, it is part of the public domain.
You’re still asking, “Where’s all this going?”
Resident Affronted Archives: Resident Affronted Zero
Praise Him for your salvation!
3, Idiotic love triangle
It’s likely that the abuser may well be a victim in some other area of their life, but to my mind, that makes them the worst kind of abuser – knowingly inflicting pain that they are familiar with. As much as being abused in one area of your life may seem to balance abusing someone in another area, it doesn’t. It just contributes more pain than there needs to be in the world. Intentionally causing pain has to stop.
Dogfish Head Craft Brewery World Wide Stout
This is a partial list of things we have been interested in or doing for the last 9 months.
My mom pretty much told me they are definitely out. There is a minuscule chance, but it's not looking good. My dad is too afraid he will have an episode and doesn't want to chance it.
Never give up. We'll all get there together.
American Spanish and Sulphur Mustangs are direct descendants of wild Spanish horses and have little, if any, DNA from other horse breeds. They are highly intelligent with an innate sense of self-preservation and legendary endurance. The American Spanish Mustang comes in a full range of solid colors including black, bay, brown, chestnut, sorrel, grullo, zebra and red dun, buckskin, palomino, and cremello. Sulphur Mustangs are usually line-backed duns and grullos, but can have the color variations found in Spanish Mustang.
Please submit an idea that you are working on to help devise a plan for a non violent end of the genocide in Darfur and in the Sudan.
There are surely many people of good will in European countries who are not as concerned as they should be about Islam due to their inability to distinguish between harmless concessions to a community genuinely eager to fit in, and the latest of the thousand cuts that Islam hopes to defeat us with. Formulating a strategy for helping such people see why even minor concessions should be opposed, perhaps in the manner outlined above, could be a valuable activity.
This of course is a long term thing, but there are many houses that are empty that could be used in the meantime, there are many levels unused in skyscrapers that could be turned easily into apartments too. Then when it comes time for a change and you feel like moving to a different house or area, we can use an agency to manage the wishes for those who want to house swap; creating chains that we often see today in the property market except they will not be waiting on banks to approve mortgages, but waiting on the completion of a chain (by the last person getting a new/empty house that does not require someone to leave), so that you can all arrange to move out at once. Again this utilises systems we already have in place, many councils in Britain manage similar lists today for example, except it operates under a new mandate that is practical to our needs when money is not the driving factor. We can also combine this to a maintenance service which comes round each house to fix things when needed, providing a lot of jobs for those handy men and women who can help in these areas.
“If this really is a war for oil, than why don’t you get out of the way and let us drill for our own oil. If it’s really about war for oil than no one has more blood on his hands than you.”
If you're a part of the military family, then you know that during the summer months there is a huge peak in receiving permanent change of station orders, also known as PCS orders. At our current duty station, we've been here 3 years this summer. I've been a part of the military - as veteran and a wife - going 8.5 years, if you include my poolee time too. So, I have looked forward to the constant change of locations, meeting new people, exploring, being the gypsy soul I am. A month or so ago, I found out that we are not going anywhere anytime soon. I allowed myself to angry, sad, frustrated, pity party for a a couple of days, and then as usual, I move on. I was really looking forward to a new change of pace.
Happy Mother's Day.
Control structures
I know, right?!? Drastic change! The bed was spray painted high-gloss white. The small Ikea sisal rug was borrowed from the laundry room and adds some warmer tones as well as texture. The over sized wall clock was a Marshalls find:
In the Library
I think JR had the dance of the night with his freestyle, and I’m not sure having a Hero special on ABC hurts his chances either. The guy was the least ‘known’ Star at the beginning, but this exposure can be a career-maker… and I think JR is set. You’re going to see this guy everywhere, win or lose… but ezpecially if he wins. I don’t know what has been plaguing him lately, but we all know peaking at the right time is crucial. He was everyones favourite from the start, will he be able to carry that through?
Today was date night with Clarissa, which meant we went out to eat, followed by shopping at her favorite fabric store, Joann’s. Recently she’s been going on an earring making splurge, and she’s freaking awesome at it! But she ran out of materials so we needed to head over there to pick more up.
15) I pulled my finger out, the water started gushing to the ceiling again, people were screaming, and I slipped and fell in my rush to find the missing piece, which was submerged in a corner. I’d just wrapped my fingers around it when Brenda grabbed my calf to pull me out– John had arrived. He took one look at the situation and took his shirt off like Superman in the phone booth, which is an image that is permanently burned into my brain. He took the handle from me and dove in. In less than a minute, he had the handle screwed back on and everything in place.
While they are decorated in a festive manner, the new art installations are meant to bring awareness to the animals at the Louisiana SPCA.
I have more postcards, and change them around from time to time. I do try to be a minimalist in my postcard hoarding. Well, then I got to thinking, “Why not put up the magnets I collect when I go somewhere?” So, on the other side of the refrigerator, I put up some “travel magnets.” I have a lizard from Cancun, an Empire State Building from NYC, and a Myrtle Beach magnet, among others, hidden from the viewing public. I think refrigerator magnets are cool.
For me, bird-watching isn’t always about the birds that you see, but about the experience along the way and the great times you have searching for them. Here are a few examples from my birding experiences:
The plan today is however very different and now that it covers the embedded income generated by an an innovative business making a profit, it does seem to have the real potential to encourage innovation and the exploitation of patented technology.
I would imagine we may see an even higher increase for 2012 as devices are becoming more competitively priced.
Leo Graham - Big Tongue Buster
Vanilla or Chocolate Macaroons:
Lose nothing but weight!
-2 tsp. chili powder
If the portrait of Benjamin Franklin by Evert Duyckinick portrays a fatherly image, it is because this is the impression the artist is trying to capture, the wise and benevolent father. Penned by Benjamin Franklin, The Autobiography, literally and metaphorically, is contextualized in a father-son interrelationship. The fact that this memoir is addressed to Franklin’s son, and that his much-advocated virtues of self-improvement, industry, and truthfulness originate from his father, evince the framework of the father-son interrelationship. Moreover, metaphorically, the fact that Franklin reaches heavenward (heavenly father) for a higher, moral perfection also supports this father-son interrelational framing of the text. The accounts of Franklin’s life in The Autobiography testify of the benefits he reaped by heeding to the teachings of his earthly father, as well as the blessings he received by abiding by the precepts of his heavenly father. Perhaps, what is most memorable is that Franklin, by writing The Autobiography, has tried to inculcate his private and public male progeny (his son and the sons of America) the characteristics of an admirable American man – the very virtues of Franklin himself.
Annie Adams thinks she has it all. Her longtime boyfriend, Nick, is on the verge of becoming a successful film director, her travel column is nationally syndicated, and they've got a great dog. Her life finally feels like it is falling into place. Until, out of nowhere, Nick announces that he's reconnected with a woman from his past and he's moving out.
I give Media Blasters/Tokyo Shock’s DVD release of DESTROY ALL MONSTERS a kaiju-sized 5 out of 5 ‘Jaggies’!
The Williamsburg Art & Historical Center is located in Williamsburg, a Brooklyn neighborhood that in recent years has become a magnet for indie culture and the art community. The center is housed in a landmark building built in 1867 at 135 Broadway. Exhibition hours are Wednesday to Friday 1–5 pm and Saturday and Sunday Noon–6 pm
And then snatch the spoon away from me and not let me eat on my own anymore.
Sure. I'm agressively desired by women all over the world. (Ha! This is MY meme and ya gotta take MY answers at face value, ok?)
How this relates to Characters.
Brief Synopsis: The International Space Corps are on the trail of a buch of Argonite Pirates.
“Oh YUMMMEEE!” he exclaimed like a big posh baby, now springing to life and catching a touch of his usual theatrics. “Now that's a good wake up call! Ok, needles....”
What can a restaurant blogger say about a place like Paparico’s?
Right now, since I am new, I am able to offer double free books, so you could get some books your own kids, neices, nephews, or your future adorable kids!
The pants seemed ok until I started wearing them in action. They ride up on me terribly and aside from the extreme discomfort of their 65% polyester/35% cotton seam riding up my backside and my crotch (my daughters favorite word beside groin), I am also not willing to give up that much aesthetics.
- Thanks to reader John, who passed this one along: Interlink, who are leaving their current space to make way for the new Pulp & Bean across Eastern Parkway, have found another space just a little further south on Franklin, which keeps their translation and legal services in the neighborhood for those who need them.
This is our ‘garden’.
Non-English Language: 9 (2 Hebrew, 1 Spanish, 1 Japanese, 1 German, 1 Chinese, 1 Icelandic, 1 Italian, 1 Norwegian)
I was on my way to poker (third, grrrrrr. 2-fucking-AM I get home, for third, with no money). I kind of forgot about it today, but after the kids were asleep, I saw the towel draped over the sink reminding me not to run water down it. Weighing the options of trying it myself and calling an after-hours plumber, poverty won out, and I went to borrow a neighbor's pipe wrench. I think we have exactly one adjustable wrench, and a set of socket wrenches that I always forget we have. (I do have "The Gator Grip," which is pretty much sufficient for all your wrenching needs, but I digress.) Anyway, we do not have a pipe wrench.
"You are going to throw away your banana."
At this point, man had unbroken fellowship with God. Adam and Eve could enter into the presence of God and enjoy Him. Nothing was between them and their Creator. They had become so close to God their Father that God planted a special garden and placed them in it.
January: Ron Asheton, Steve Edgson, Dave Dee, John Martyn
I guess I could keep writing for a while. Coming up with a Halloween costume is fun and a little creativity goes a long way.
The winner of our birthday challenge has been chosen by Random.Org and is No. 54, Dee's Designs Blog. Congratulations Dee. Please contact us (email in the sidebar) so we can arrange for you to receive your prize.
This proposed method is an extension of outlining your writing, so be sure to outline your work if you haven’t already. Once your writing is outlined as you see fit, find some notecards, and write each segment of the outline on a separate notecard. Now shuffle them.
"Plaid Cymru campaigned to get a fresh start for Ceredigion in the recent local elections. We have now secured a change in the formation of the Council’s Cabinet with a Plaid Cymru leader in charge for the first time ever. This is a major development for Ceredigion and I congratulate Cllr Ellen ap
Heart Punch: Borrowed From My Mum
And our normal DT girls have also used a Sassy Studio Designs image to showcase their Steampunk creations: All the DT images are from Sassy Studio Designs NOV 11, 2011
Tired, sleepy and aching all over, but have to write this down to get it out of the mind and system before I can sleep. So here is my account of Bersih 3 written at 11pm on 28 April 2012.
Really and truly, we are so blessed and fortunate to have caught this before leaving the hospital. With how weak Zoe is, this infection could have been fatal if not treated right away. If we had been home, who know's if we would have down-played her symptoms or been able to recognize the severity of her discomfort. We'll never know... but we will know that we were and are very lucky to be where we are, in the care of such great doctors, nurses and various therapists... all working so hard to give Zoe the best fighting chance.
3) A very Eco-friendly pen, as no need to use the cartridges and converters and make the waste debris.
3) Expanding your associations. This is the one I suggest you focus on the most. Find other successful people that you can spend more time with. Invite them to lunch (pick up the tab) and ask them how they have achieved so much or what makes them successful.
He approached the receptionist's desk. The receptionist was a large, imposing woman who looked like a wrestler. He gave her his name and in a very loud voice the receptionist said: "Yes, I see your name here... you want to see the doctor about impotence, right?"
So the first challenge is to learn to imagine - to inhabit - places you've never been (Victorian London, pre-Colombian Chile); to get inside faiths or morals you've never held (original sin, sun-worship); to hear voices that you've never heard (what would a tape recorder have picked up in Tudor Old St Paul's, or in St Paul's own study?)...
Apparently, business is good!
After documentaries about visionary futurology, the 60's Black Panther Party and technological progress VS sustainability, it is now time to discuss the impact of the discovery of LSD on 60+ years of counter-culture (and military as much as medical research).
One can think of these three observations as three hurdles or three preconditions to acting sustainably. First, one must sincerely believe, as a matter of faith, that one’s actions in the universe matter deeply and inescapably. Second, one must know oneself as a complex being in order to not only adapt one’s mind but to adapt one’s ways. Third, one must have a standard by which to judge one’s own actions, a standard by which to choose one way of being over another.
Combine powdered sugar and juice in a small bowl; stir with a whisk. Brush powdered sugar mixture evenly over hot cookies. Sprinkle evenly with 2 teaspoons rind. Remove cookies from pan; cool on wire racks.
cut off circulation, even make your feet cold. You should try lightweight socks, as they will keep your feet warm without bulk. If you need an extra layer, try silk ski socks as they are very warm and also extra lightweight.
In her letter to readers in the March, 2012, issue of the magazine, Martha Stewart Living editor-in-chief Pilar Guzman makes an intriguing comment about looking back to former issues of the magazine in order to move forward. She writes: "...we will feature images on this page that inspire us from the magazine's archives. Sometimes it's important to look back in order to move forward." As a longtime subscriber, I felt like playing along! I'll be raiding the archives each month to showcase my favourite issue.
I don't know what this is going to look like, and it honestly terrifies me to navigate through it, but I'm going to at least start thinking about you. And after thinking about you, I want to convince you that I like you. And eventually love you. I plan to convince you that you're not an interruption in my own story.
Our almost-instinct almost true:
Indeed, we have found out this morning that Zaath, this incredibly talented DJ from Versailles with a twist of Southern France, has decided to accept our offer and to appear as the Headliner of our festival.
However, it was not just Lee Jasper, he and not even cleared his desk before the black organisations and public sector serving black and ethnic firms were complaining about this “racist” investigation and claiming that it should not have happened, because it might have a detrimental effect on the public perception of black and ethnic organisations. In effect what they were saying was that back organisations should be exempt from scrutiny or questions about malpractice or dishonesty because to do otherwise is ........ racist. Once again they were evoking the safe word in the hope that we will shut up and not ask questions.
This blog, is my journey down the road less traveled.
Former prime minister and recurrent gadfly Dr Mahathir Mohamad seems resolute on this advice: Najib should go the full distance of predecessor Abdullah Ahmad Badawi’s mandate, obtained in March 2008 which only expires five years hence.
My ex looks good. He is a hot pretty boy, so it wouldn’t be hard. After the greetings he asks how I am. “Great”, I tell him. This should always be your answer. Even if you just lost your job. Even if you just got dumped. Even if you just lost your cat who helped you get over being dumped. Even if someone just died. Even if you gained four pounds by goin to 7-11 every day to buy candy. Even if your best friend just cut you in the stomach by getting the hook up to a Kayne West concert without inviting you!!!!! Everything is great. Great!
Eclipse jeans
6.I am weasel! Another strange creation by cartoon network the red guy was also in this, There really isn’t much to say you have to see it to believe it lol xD
The real reason I'm posting this is because I was testing Flickr out yesterday and sent it to my blog, whereupon it doesn't just save it as a draft but publishes it in all it's unprepared glory. I haven't yet worked out how to stop it doing that what with having the computer savvy of a dugong so I just ended up removing it.
I know the ONE who does know. He seems a little quiet & slow to my human mind on this one.
SCC: I always worry about the music I mention in a book, fearing it will date it. Was that a concern for you, or did you want TINF to be marked as being of this particular time? Did you have a special playlist for the book, and if not, what did you listen to while writing it?
So if you want to support Magic Ship, why not send Jim an email - jimross@radiocaroline.co.uk – and request your favorite track off the album? He'd get a huge buzz out of hearing from you with your requests and dedications.
The fact that our Board has traditionally mismanaged district finances requiring no accountability in any area of spending has nothing to do with our current financial predicament.
But, why would Hassan, a man granted a concession by Musa Aman, think there was a kickback involved in gaining the concession and that Chia was the agent for Musa/Sabah UMNO? Why was Yayasan’s Mohd Tampkong following Chia’s instructio? And why did Hassan not just report the extortion to the Head of the Board of Yayasan Trustees, Aman himself?
She's in for a change this school year. She'll no longer be living in her fancy digs at BridgeStreet with its room-service and made to order breakfasts, instead, she'll be renting a home with 4 other women from college just a few blocks from the campus. It's what she wanted and I don't think she could be more excited for the school year to begin.
As for your host, my pick is simple, it's the Malazan book of the Fallen. However, I would not ask for another decalogy. Thinking that Esslemont will be closing some threads for the characters Erikson left behind, the remaining Malazans are the ones I would like to read about.
Partnered with Johnny Herbert, Alesi cleverely moulded the team around him and drove out of his skin in 1998 to often qualify the car in the top ten and run strongly in the race. He survived the Spa carnage to finish third, pushing the two Jordan’s all the way to the finish. Fifth in Argentina and Monza plus sixth at Imola enabled Jean to outscore Herbert by 9-1. 1999 was more disappointing, with some shambolic performances such as qualifying 21st for the German Grand Prix! When another mechanical problem cost him a potential fourth place in Budapest, the emotional Alesi announced he was leaving Sauber at the end of the year, frustrated with lack of progress and more preferential treatment that paydriver Pedro Diniz seemed to be getting. Mind you Diniz outscored Alesi in 1999, so the team had a point.
The polyphenols in popcorn are more concentrated because it is made up of just four per cent water, the researchers said. In comparison, polyphenols are diluted in the 90 per cent of water that makes up many fruits and vegetables.
I have also decided to keep all my paper scrap in a recycle bin to re-use or recycle instead of just binning it.
When I left the service, I was pretty dismayed. Obviously worship was a major priority at this church, but it didn’t compare to any of the most meaningful services I had experienced, some with no instruments, others with terrible voices, and almost all without special lighting and soundboards. The difference was community. The thing that had set apart every other service was a community of people participating in worship, not an emotional environment that’s geared at manipulating feelings. The irony of this service was summarized by its lighting. Church is the place of the community God, the place where we come to celebrate together, and it was so dark that I couldn’t tell who was around me.
So it is with America.
It was the third game of the opening round of the Stanley Cup playoffs, the Chicago Blackhawks and Phoenix Coyotes, 2012. Raffi Torres of the Coyotes crashes into the Blackhawks’ Marian Hossa.
Eggplant - 3 (big)
Grandin does not merely describe, she thinks about what she has seen, she makes considered comparisons and analyses. It's apparent from this that Grandin was a progressive and forward-thinking woman. Her descriptions of American child-rearing practices, the schools she visited, the treatment and behavior of women, all show this. "This tendency toward social mobility is certainly one of the American virtues that I appreciate the most. Nothing is worse than for an intelligent person to be boxed in and limited. Nothing is worse than being stuck, as only a sense of powerlessness, silliness, and stupidity can come from caged rats."
Apparently, she did well at the movies....she ate popcorn, scarfed down "NandM's" (that's what she calls them), and intently watched Toy Story 3. But shortly over an hour into the movie, she turned to Steve and said,
...and you know what....
Review-
One last thing. On Simon Clark’s blog, timbone wrote the words of ”You’ve Got To Be Carefully Taught” from the musical South Pacific:
It seems like only yesterday that we were packing up Momma to be and getting to the hospital to be a part of this new adventure ....... being grandparents.
“My favorite part of doing Lip Sync has been getting the chance to dance with girls from my sorority and helping make our team look great for Greek Week,” -Annie Wald
I have seen this in real life as well, men who control women and treat them like slaves, and it absolutely sickens me. Women will have a look of fear on their face; a fear that states they are afraid to make one single mistake. They fear the consequence of the mistake and fear it may be the last they make. This is what I have never understood about men, they feel the need to ‘keep their property under control.’ Come on guys, didn’t our parents teach us better than that? I know my dad did, he taught me the upmost high end respect that I mentioned earlier. That’s one thing out of many things that he taught that I love about him. He is a prime example of how men should act towards women. But men these days feel the need to be brute, tough, manly, and like they are top dog. Back in high school as playing around was fine and fun, but in real life, it is not a game. These are lives, feelings and emotions that you are playing with and destroying.
and now they are nearly done!
Merry Christmas all !!!
This last Friday night we went to see Sheryl Crow, and Saturday night Allison Krauss and Union Station. They did not disappoint as some have done in the past! Sheryl Crow has a really nice personality onstage, very personable and enthusiastic. Allison Krauss has the voice of an angel, and is very softspoken, and Union Station had toes tapping. Both evenings followed outrageously hot and humid days, more typical of August than early June, but, thankfully, once the sun set it cooled down a smidgeon, with that light breeze off the river.
By breaking rules and laws
Likewise, listening to Barry hUSsein this morning as he preached to the United Nations, about how difficult 'peace' is to achieve through his narrow tunnel vision.
I like the couple of kanji, ???which represent coffee. I took this photo from inside of the café, so these kanji are left-right reversal, though they are still good enough for me to be able to smell the aroma of coffee just watching them.
why drown their joy,
Rating: (34) (2)
A girl mad as birds
COMMENTS TO THE USPTO are invited.
On the down side, she has been diagnosed with ADHD and ODD (oppositional defiance disorder) which is causing struggles and tension both at school and at home. She lived with a friend for a few months through the spring and summer, but is home again (home again, jiggity jig). We are hopeful that she will be back on track very soon!
we are meant
* There are many episodes that although I feel connected to Locke's issues, I can see connect to Jack's journey.
I was supposed to go to TIbet. I should even now be on the second of the two flights required to get there. But the paperwork didn't get through in time, and they suggested this other tour, which I stupidly said Sure! to before enquiring about the cost. Since it was my fault the Tibet tour was cancelled, they're not refunding a single cent of the pre-paid bill. The way the agency presented this other tour, I thought it was instead of the other (and the difference in price vs the higher-priced Tibet tour would just be lost, ok). But nooooo! Without even mentioning the price anywhere, they were charging me full price for the new tour too! Hey, waitaminute! So I had been trying to negotiate something better, seeing as my flight home wasn't for another 4 days, and could not be changed. I needed to do something with that time, and hang around this smoggy city of millions for that long would drive me nuts. We settled on my not paying for any hotels and on getting a free one-day tour of the city for my last day in China (this new tour being one day shorter). I got screwed, big time. Perhaps I could wriggle out of this new tour, which was apparently uncancellable the instant I said Sure. But it would take a lot of effort, the help of real negotiators, and anyway I really wanted to get out of town.
None of this helped Cassandra feel any better.
Today is World Autism Awareness Day. With so many sites out there that explain Autism Spectrum Disorders, I don't think there is any point in re-writing what is already done so well elsewhere. I will provide links later so you can explore on your own.
With school starting back up for the kids I hope to have some more time to do some garden work that needs doing. There are perennials that badly need to be cut back and lots of weeds that seem to popping up everywhere.
At Westish College, a small school on the shore of Lake Michigan, baseball star Henry Skrimshander seems destined for big league stardom. But when a routine throw goes disastrously off course, the fates of five people are upended.
The moment I walked through the store, I instantly heard the sound of angels followed by a blinding light coming down from the heavens and shining on "IT" in all it's 1920ish glory. Beautiful beyond words, delicate in appearance, the black and lace frock with a kick out at the bottom portrayed the look of a bygone era. With my size in hand, I ventured into the change room and tried it on! And wouldn't you know it, the bloody thing fit!!! I stood and viewed myself with a tiny bit of admiration until I moved in the mirror. What was that I thought... It couldn't be? It can't be? Oh my lord it is!!!! The only thing holding me and this beautiful frock from creating a binding love affair was the nasty betrayal of my jelly belly that was wiggling to and fro with every movement. And just as I was about to declare defeat and send it back to it's place on display, words of wisdom were shouted from the great beyond, better known as my mother: GET A GIRDLE FOR GAWD SAKES!!!!
In 1998 –
I love the name of Jesus.
The other night I was too tired, hot and cranky to bother cooking a real meal, so I went to the grocery store (because we were out of bread, and other important things). I came home with blueberry yogurt (because they had no raspberry in my favorite brand), a mixed-berry smoothie, a punnet of fresh raspberries and a pint of Haagen-Dazs raspberry sorbet.
Cut chicken and vegetables into strips. If you are cooking them on the grill, place all ingredients into a grill basket or pan. Spray with cooking spray and place over direct heat and let them sizzle until they are done. I lined my grill basket with aluminum foil to prevent the juices from escaping. When all is cooked to your liking, remove from heat, let stand for 10 minutes and serve in warm flour tortillas with cheddar or Monterrey jack cheese, sour cream and pico de gallo or salsa. Yum!
So, take this post with a grain of salt. These are only my opinions, after all. And you know what they say about opinions – “only mine is ever right.” Wait, isn’t that what they say?
I think that made an impression on the landlord. Hence all the work that's going into this place.
needs to be thrown out
Cream butter and the cup of sugar; add well-beaten eggs, then milk, vanilla, flour, salt, and baking powder. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Roll dough, cut into trefoil shapes, and sprinkle sugar on top, if desired. Bake in a quick oven (375°) for approximately 8 to 10 minutes or until the edges begin to brown. Makes six- to seven-dozen cookies.
Across the Kafue river from Kitwe and just a little downstream there stands a tall, old, elegant home on a large rock, literally IN the river! This is the successor to Grey Stone Cottage, a retreat built in the early ‘40s by Charles Fischer, a doctor in the young mining town of Kitwe. Charles’ son, Mike, now lives on the beautiful Grey Stone farm, home to impala, puku, bushbuck, zebra, eland and all sorts of other game. We enjoyed two lovely nights with Mike and Jan, their 4 dogs and Georgie, the tame ground hornbill. Georgie had an uncanny ability to quietly and nonchalantly stand by, seemingly in her own world when – WHAM! A short peck to your shin or toes would remind you of her presence. Georgie loves her walks, trotting along amongst the dogs happily.
Wanting to be the “loudest group on the planet”, Tufnel invented an amplifier that has a Max Setting of “11” whereas most mortal amplifiers go up to “10“.
- he sleeps in a crib in our room... and he probably will until he goes to a big boy bed.. that's just how it is at the greer house ;)
Share a life
Maddox released a sigh, and Kade smiled. “Good.”
How do you puncture that layer? Kah Walla, a political leader from Cameroon, spoke of empowering women across Africa but added that in the United States, too, the level of female representation in politics was a serious issue.
Peter Gyulavary, 44, Warwick, N.Y.
What are your thoughts about the Occupy movement or all the political negativity or the Kardashian wedding?
5. Tiniest Weasel (aka Smallest Weasel)
The most popular was the “porcupine” masher. Truman’s had these as well as Steel’s mashers. Bass, Charrington, Hoare and Tennent all used them.
If you've seen my scrapbook photos on FB, then you know I LOVE mini books! I still like to do the traditional 12x12 layouts, but mini books are my passion!
Phrases drifted down from Mission Control. “. . . Appeared nominal through engine throttle-back . . . apparent explosion. . . . Tracking crews have reported that the vehicle had exploded.”
Regardless of who they support, those that act in that way are the inner enemy.
My apologies to my loyal followers. For the last month my life has been in disarray with a few major changes. A new, but temporary job… a new residence in a new neighborhood… medical issues… little to no Internet access and car problems have stymied my writing efforts of late. To say the least my posts have not been as frequent as I had hoped. But, with money coming in and Internet at home expected this week, things are finally looking up. My sincere thanks to all of you that visit here often and especially for your welcomed comments and support. Now on with the blog!
big boy bed
ITGMFLAA – It stands for “The IT Guy Made Me Feel Like an A**hole Again.”
Second: following the blogs of others has lead me to a (rather stupidly obvious) conclusion, one that I should have reached once I had bothered to clear the froth from my mouth -- there are more enlightening things elsewhere. In particular, I've recently nostalgia'd pretty hard and re-exposed my roots as a gamer, which is just one avenue I could spend all day talking about.
Now add the chicken stock and stir till thickened.
Green Chillies - 2
Order, and left Brendan behind too. He (and his family) had decided – largely because of his sickly nature, it was said (though I believe that the worries of his parents concerning his ability to live an autonomous life as a student away from home also played a large role) – that he would study by correspondence at the British Open University. I was sure I’d seen the last of him and forgot him pretty quickly.
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who’s the fairest one of all? You will be after swapping out the harsh chemicals from conventional window and glass spray for these natural recipes! These sprays are easy to make, and smell amazing. Give them a try!
For angels died where we have been,
212.334.9435
Best Foods Mayo $3.50
I think you can see from the fact that I posted a CATHY cartoon - something definitely NOT cool, that I am going to be sad all day long. The SAD kind of sad combined with the PATHETIC kind of sad. Oh well. I can console myself knowing that I have an appointment this afternoon to learn how to use the appliance that will tell me if I have SLEEP APNEA or not. I suspect with my broad expansive girth that I probably do. It might explain why I don't get a lot of restful sleep.
My children have all developed my love for the written word, and at our home we each have a personal collection of favorite books, and a family library with books on just about anything you can imagine. Years of collecting at yard sales, book sales, and book stores have filled our house with a delightful way to pass a lazy afternoon. An armful of books is a most delightful burden to bare.
Art. 25 (Investigation report) After the final stage of the investigation, the case-handling staff should submit a case investigation report, explaining whether the relevant activities violate the law or not, and putting forward suggestions for process, and relevant facts, grounds and basis, as well as including the complete evidence materials.
# 1,5: Julie Kagawa – Winter’s Passage
Its challenge time at Kenny K for team B so I started out with this image b/c it was fave from Kenny K's new images just released last week. Shes a cowgirl so of course Im going to color mostly browns b/c our challenge this week was monochromatic. Well as I got everything colored I couldnt figure out another brown color I wanted to use for her top so I decided to give it just a pop of color and stick with mono for the card base. Okay so image is colored so I went looking for a some choc chip dp designs and came across this retired dp from SU. I dont remeber what the name of it was (maybe outlaw) but its the dp that matches the Wanted stamp set so of course now the wheels are turning and I go pull out that set. Now at this point a song keeps playing over and over in my head and its a song by a girl named Jessie James (LMBO!). This song actually used to be my ringtone when my hubby called. So b/c of that then I start making this card for him for a little fun. Since I know now this is for my hubby I started distressing some layers and embossed one of the layers with distressed stripes ef (note: dont distress then run it thru cuttlebug b/c then your dp is VERY easily torn b/c your distressed edges get flattened out in the cuttlebug so emboss first distress 2nd!LOL!) I stamped the medallion from the Wanted set onto the cs tone on tone then embossed it using the stars folder. So by now I've got all the dp layers attached and I have my ribbon and button on. When I put my image against the card it still needs something so I grab the wanted sentiment and hope it fits...good enough so I stamped it off twice and then onto the image. Great!! Now at this point I drop the stamp and have a brown smudge at the top of my dp so now we have stars there and I added one at the bottom just for a little balance. I decided then she had to have some bling so I added some rhinestones to the stars and the twine. Done! Yayy!! Now the reason for my story is this....I took pic of my card done the editing all that fun stuff and so proud of how my card turned out go to load into challenge forum for KK only to realize that ummmm....it was supposed to be a monochromatic CHRISTMAS card!!LOL!! Those blond roots must sure be deep!LOL!! So I hope you enjoyed my monochromatic NON Christmas card! I'll list copic colors below but I wanted to share this song with you since I've sang it all day on the post below. Have a great one!!
Just when everyone was getting ready to go to the park, we were hit with a really gloomy weather that we did not know whether to proceed with the barbeque, or to have a change of plans. After a slight drizzle for a short while, the sky was still grey. We were at the park, but hesitated whether to start the fire. We waited and waited.... for another half an hour or so, eventually the rain stopped completely and the weather was cool. :) Heaven was on our side!
13. Yes, this is an unlucky # and Friday the 13th will always haunt me. Haley went to Heaven on Friday, June 13th 2008. I wish they would take this day off the calendar.
BUT… She started sneaking him back into the suite. It lasted for a few days, but she stopped again when my friend/roommate Sarah’s boss gave the Housing Dept a heads up that he was back.
Now as the post title indicates, I'm referring to this as the "Ultimate" Table Beer (MB0028). What makes it so ultimate? Well, for starters, primary fermentation used a Belgian Saison Yeast. After four days in primary and a specific gravity of 1.020, I racked the beer to secondary. I added to the carboy Brettanomyces bruxellensis. This will continue to ferment for the next 6 months, adding some funky flavors to the beer.
When I miscarried before I was woken up from a deep sleep (I think it was a deep sleep because it was 3am or somewhere close to that time) with cramps across my stomach. I thought they were poop cramps so I went to the bathroom, did my thing, and returned to bed. The entire time I was in the bathroom I was cramping.
Just this past week I picked up Twisted Agendas by Damian McNicholl. (In the interest of full disclosure, Damian contacted me on my blog & asked for a review.) This book intrigued me as one of the main characters was a female American expat living in London, and I naturally presumed I would identify with her. I was wrong, but I'm OK with it! :)
alert to the streets
Having already perused the menu on the ride up, I was already fairly sure of what I was ordering, but I used the 15 minute wait to check out everyone else’s food. I was right, it all looked delicious and my selection would be the best choice. The decor of Miss Mamie’s was decidedly 1950's, and I felt I could have been somewhere in the south. We sat down, and ordered drinks. To my joy, the Iced Tea was in fact Sweet Tea, and that, my friends, was one amazing jar of sweet tea. They added mint to it, so refreshing.
And kindness in all things.
Going through the various articles associated with doing so, one particular duty of the ‘Director’ made me pause and reflect.
And the words, final as lead weights, fall from his lips,
I will come in and eat with him,
Art is a mirror, a Francesca Woodman´s photograph
I have participated in my fair share of therapy. You might have guessed that if you have been reading my blog for very long. (I hope you have) And, as a result of all of that therapy I tend to over analyze my own thinking, feelings and have lengthy conversations with the third party voice in my head. I was once told that this is a symptom of co-dependence, and maybe it is. Either way, the voice, I am willing to concede, is my own voice doubting and judging myself. Because of this doubting judge I always second guess my feelings of being taken advantage of, or perhaps being used. Those are kind of harsh words for what I mean, but you get the gist. I tend to be over generous, something I have also been told is a symptom of co-dependence, always trying to be nice, please and gain favor by others and to keep the peace, etc. Maybe all true, either way, again, it is who I am and while I am aware of the therapeutic analogies that go along with the behaviors, I cannot for the life of me stop myself from getting into situations where I have been kind and generous to a person.Then feeling after a period of time that I have fallen prey to someone who is wholly capable to taking advantage of the situation and thereby rendering me PISSED....at them and myself.
I am dying over all these entryways! Fall is my absolute favorite time of the year, where I pretend it's not 85 degrees out and dream of all the outfits I am going to wear when I can finally pull out my leather boots, when the slightest dip in the temperature feels so cold, and I can paint my nails my favorite taupe OPI color.
Blu-ray Audio Status: English DTS-HD Master Audio and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital
The reason that he said this is because prophecy works directly to the building up of the Body of Christ and that was a more urgent objective to him, at that time, than the building up of the individual. However, in our modern culture today, If we neglect the spiritual growth of the individual, the community will also suffer because that neglected individual will not be able to contribute to the community if his or her spiritual growth and thus, the maturity of their gifts, is not at the stage where they can contribute meaningfully to the growth of the community. In fact they may become a drag on the community because they may require more personal ministry than those who have matured and are better able to minister to others.
It’s as if the world has woken up from a trippy REM state and discovered it had been Tangoed. I’m all for shedding the funeral black come spring (no, actually that’s a lie) but the catwalk’s recent catarrh of colour is giving me a headache. Call me a fashion heretic (or worse yet, Celine) but I like my palette low-fi. Granted I make up for it in bringing five kilogrammes of jewellery with me on summer holidays but that’s another rant.
“Big Shot” begins with what sounds like a tape loop from some forgotten Dixieland record. But then the real song begins — a dark, slow-moving sax-driven blues in which Rebennack sounds threatening as he sings, “Ain’t never was, ain’t never gonna be another big shot like me.”
There is a very blurred grey line that snarls itself between grief and peace.. and it’s a line I walk every day. Some days are easier than others, but in the end everything is different in this world where he is not alive with me. One of my fellow BLM’s (and I have just spent an hour trying to search and remember exactly who said this so please let me know if it is you so that I can link back to your beautifully worded post) ** ETA I now have the link.. please read Emily’s beautiful post here** explained that while individually we may be ok, it is not ok that our babies died.
The news went on after the commercial and after a few headlines, the sports news began to roll. Despite the fact that I’m not a very sporty person, I’ve come to anticipate the sports news because DIANA CAMILLE CARREON has been a presenter on the show for almost a year now. She had replaced Dianne Castillejo as the main sports reporter ever since she retired from TV. From time to time, PBA correspondent DESIREE BALTAZAR also appeared to report on the games and the lives of the PBA ballers. Not so far from their line of specialization is their friend REINALYN BANAG who is also a PBA correspondent for AM radio. She even anchors the radio coverage of championships and reports straight from the court!
7. On the pipe
To help my own political recovery, I’ve drafted a post-Obama doctrine of hope. I hope new grassroots organizers adapt King’s strategies to direct 21st century activism. I hope Americans will restore a profound commitment to human rights within U.S. federal policy. I hope my fellow millenials can learn that a campaign does not make a presidency, and a protest does not make a community. I hope the textbooks we write will not remember King and Obama as mere tokens, but will distinguish between them based on the content of their character. I hope Americans who are frustrated, jaded, and skeptical will rediscover their potential to enact social change. At the very least, I hope we can find some better presidential candidates by 2016.
~ Eli continues to try and be sneaky. He loves to try and steal drinks of my soda. For some reason he thinks if he moves really slowly I can't see what he's doing.
The speaker lineup is impressive, and many are hoping that it yields a practical way forward on a topic that shines almost every day of the year in Arizona.
My passion: I have many-vintage, fashion, reading, writing, sewing. I tend to be very opinionated about things and either love it or hate it.
the window, and
A rook caws overhead, flying tumbles in the wind, which whispers in my ear as I look over both sets of empty homes, just a few miles apart outside of Limerick. Little has changed, it says to me, since civilization began its quest to enjoy conquest over the earth, which still cries itself a river for the poor and downtrodden, human and otherwise.
From the lovingly detailed pirate ships to the cobbled streets of Victorian England, Aardman’s stop-motion animation renders a wholly convincing, endearing world whose scope and detail are enhanced by subtly used computer graphics, which beautifully complement the animator’s eight-inch high Plasticine models.
The history of persecution is a history of endeavors to cheat nature, to make water run up hill, to twist a rope of sand. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The item that held up best through the travels was the Spicy Chicken Sandwich. This was also the only item that had foil packaging. Coincidence? Not likely.
Today she offered her advice to a few listeners, including if a bride make some physical changes to make her fiancé happy! Read the letters below and add any advice you may have!
There needs to be a fair form of taxation that doesn't punish job creators and doesn't blunt success with unfair taxes. Sadly, one look at Hong Kong's flat tax would suggest that the Godless Communists have come up with a more equitable way to assess taxation responsibility.
I want to live close to you
A non-refundable deposit of 50% of the hire charge is payable when the order is placed and we also ask for a £100 refundable damage deposit.
The next day, I noticed my ice shanty was frozen to the ice. The weight of the snow on the ice or the atmospheric pressure pushes down on the ice and forces lake water up through the holes in the ice and freezes. After a couple of hours of cutting ice around the floor, I learned to lift the ice shanty off the ice, placing it on large chunks of fire wood.
“Where do you think they are headed?”
If you'd like to know more or sign up for the Cooperative, click here and check it out.
This is not a bad set of consolation activities at all, but I do still want to hear from Drummer. I'd hate to think he faded. and after I wrote an email that picked up on his warmth and said I was sending some back to him. But I do know that I didn't do anything wrong--no pressure, criticism, games, etc.--so if he's going to pull back, there must be something up with him, and better to know now than once I'm really hooked, right? Still, I hope everything's okay with him and his family, and that I hear from him soon.
So I'm off from work all this week, mostly for gardening and yard work, which means I won't be around the interwebs that much.
I say this is a solitary life because the largest percentage of folks I know simply do not understand. Do not understand why I would want this when it is so different from the life that they so enjoy full of things that are supposed to make their life better. But from where I'm standing it looks like a whole lot of smoke and mirrors. Perhaps it's a beautiful house that somehow makes them feel important or like they have overcome something back in the recesses of their memory. But to me it looks like a monthly mortgage payment that is so big I could pay all my monthly bills with and still have money left over. I'm sure they would turn their nose up at my little clapboard house and say it's fine for someone else but they just couldn't live there. But to me, it's such a beautiful thing because it is mine - 100% lock, stock, and barrel paid for in cash. Truth be told, they don't own their mansion. Much the other way around. They are owned by it - and by the bank. I guess I don't understand them any better than they understand me. I would much rather be free.
One of the main wedding-oriented tasks we wanted to accomplish on our trip to Scotland was the making of this tartan. After much encouragement from American family and friends, I was surprised when the Scottish’s friends were the ones who thought it was a little unnecessary and over-the-top. I guess it makes sense, their culture doesn’t buy into the crazy, big weddings that we do on this side of the pond and while they are all so excited to come to the wedding, they are just being practical and I totally understand that.
"Poker is like sex - everyone thinks they're the best, but the truth is y'all have a small penis." -Me
John 6:55 "For My flesh is true food, and My blood is true drink.
and so your soul
- Well you still are sort of robbing somebody...-
She will fight this with everything she has, she is truly a strong and positive person.
Mesh rollers are half way between Brush and Mag rollers in almost every way. Not a bad compromise.
A woman is like a tea bag. You never know how strong it is until it’s in hot water. - Eleanor Roosevelt
These people work along the south of England but there are others all over the country who deserve your support and thanks for the ceaseless support they give people. We (the family) are hoping to be at the annual dinner this year. When we have attended in the past it has been fun and friendly. We have always been, as has everyone else, made very welcome.
"Each collection begins with panic. Rather than the romantic notion that a trip to exotic locations, or glamorous parties with fascinating people influences my designs, quite the opposite is true.
What do you do in your spare time, when you are not paper crafting?
Departmental reorganizations tend to be cyclical. No structure is perfect; all involve compromise, a balancing of strengths and weaknesses. For example, you are running a large company with national coverage. To reduce bureaucracy and encourage initiative, you reorganize on a regional basis, devolving considerable autonomy to regional and local structures. Great, but now brand inconsistency begins to creep in, and efficiencies of scale, for example in procurement, are lost. So you reorganize into a national functional structure, centralizing specialisms such as operations, marketing and engineering into single, efficient, standardized national structures.
Who knows? Perhaps next I shall make Nutella brownies?
world-wide for several reasons:
Cool them in the tins long enough to be able to run a knife around the edges to remove them for further cooling (about 10 minutes). If you can't get them out for fear of breaking them, then make sure they aren't sticking to the pan and remove them when they have cooled completely.
So much of what they mean they cannot say. And so much of what they say is not what they really mean.
- I think I owe you $188.23?- I asked their Customer Service.
Box:
I have started pinning images for Ella's birthday. I love planning fun home parties with a theme. This layout shows a highlight of Nathan's last party...these cardboard cars. His face kinda sums it up:
What surprised you about blogging when you first started?
All in all the Tart, the Hussy and the Trollop had a fantastic evening! I was awake a total of 22.5 hours by the time I got home last night(don't ask me why I wake at 4am these days every night) and I'm still groggy from my nap today.
and milk without making a jingling sounds in their teacup. How not use the sugar spoon to stir your own tea. Where to place your spoon after you have stirred your Tea. Then how to look in your Teacup as you sip your Tea, no we do not sip our Tea from a spoon.
On my way to the noodle shop, I stopped at my bank to get some spending money from the ATM. The little ad that flashed on the ATM screen when I inserted my card showed a 30-ish woman with her head tilted back in some mild form of ecstasy. The tag line read: "Access your account. Access your dreams." That slogan, provided to me free of charge through Citibank but for which some numbnuts on Madison Ave. got paid a shitload of money to think up, almost made me want to close my account and start putting my money under my mattress.
Unfortunately the Fitness Testing and forced-running regime of school PE from 5th grade onward quashed whatever fun could be gained from it. I am sure I would not have survived high school fitness if not for the companionship and co-lamentations of one of my closest friends, who luckily happened to run (most of the time) at the same slow pace as me, with whom I spent five years running in tiny circles while singing, talking, laughing. One of the PE teachers referred to us as the slow girls, which is OK. We deserved it.
I visited the Paris catacombs as inspiration for my religious thriller novel Prophecy. The corridors stretch for kilometers underground and contain nearly six million skeletons. The bodies were moved from public cemeteries at the end of the eighteenth century to stop the spread of disease from the overflowing mass graves. The dead were brought to the catacombs at night in order to save the people of Paris from the disturbing scenes. But there were the inevitable rumors of grave-robbers, the dead rising as zombies, and the hand of Satan hovering over the city.
TEENAGE DREAM
The Externally Secured Authentication setting shuts everything off because it assumes that you are using some other security technique to allow other mail servers to communicate with the connector. So if you have a Unix mail server that has to send mail to your Exchange server, you can secure the communication between the two servers using IPSec or some other technique to prevent snooping and unauthorized access. Exchange assumes that the connection between hosts is secure and therefore allows complete access to all servers that communicate through the connector.
6) Make sure you post these rules on your blog when participating.
What are your best tips for saving money on kids clothes?
For me, the breast is the best piece for Chick n' Friends. The bone-in piece stays moist, and there is enough meat that I get some fried crust without being overwhelmed with fried taste in every bite. This contrasts with Tian Chinese Cuisine where I prefer to order Korean fried chicken as wings.
Best Wine Blogs
1. Cut Patterned paper 5 1/4 x 4 3/4 inches and punch the upper right corner with your favorite decorative corner punch.
“Humans aren’t the most intuitive bunch are they? Listen, kid. You ever read comic books?”
were selected,
Martin Kettle wrote in the Guardian that Miliband's speech "adds up to an attempt to reclaim social democracy as Labour's core route-finding principle".
Do you want to be the next Month-Long Guest Designer with the Shabby Girls? It's as simple as participating in our weekly challenges and WOW-ing us with your projects! The Shabby Girls might be calling on YOU to be the next Month-Long Guest Designer!!!
And These Little Canvas Blanks, A little Thread Spool & Antique Sewing Machine To Create My Own With! Thank You Lesley For The Inspiration! They Were Really Fun To Make!
After finishing the outer edges of the bodice and neckline, the sleeves are fitted while on Ashley and the shoulder straps stitched down. Finally, the skirts are pleated and secured to the bottom of the bodice.
The Rec Room Film Series presents THE MEANING OF LIFE
These two latest works have music coming from them. If you lean close and listen, you'll hear strains of strange East-European melodies, for those are the musics that move me.
But the good thing is, I learned a couple of interesting things with the articles I have been writing. For example, I learned that you don't need a fancy schmancy espresso maker with a foam nozzle to make a cappuccino at home. The bad thing, however, is the craving I get for all the things I write about :O
“Uhh…you—“
I think I've brought you up to speed. I'm now working on the sequel, which is tentatively called THE PLAGUE OF DARK INFINITY. Shadow Mountain had me map out the series as five books, so that's where it stands now. But each book will stand alone much more than my Jimmy Fincher series, which was really one big book sliced and diced into four. But, of course, there is a huge arc that goes over the whole series of THE 13TH REALITY.
– But when they do, it’s time to think of school. With school comes a myriad of plans and goals.
What about speed? They are comparable. I plugged both into USB 3.0 ports and transferred the same 1.71 GB file into each. 27 seconds for My Book. 26 seconds for My Passport.
5 Myths About Breathing and Body Oxygenation – Prevalence – Over 90%
While the meat was marinating, I worked on the vegetables, which were zucchini, Vidalia onions, corn on the cob, asparagus, and new potatoes. The zucchini were cut in half length wise and drizzled with rice vinegar and toasted sesame oil. The Vidalia onions were cut into thick slabs, skewered, then topped with a bit of honey and cayenne pepper. I skewered the asparagus to make little rafts, which I then drizzled with olive oil, squeezed on some lemon juice, and salt and pepper. For the corn, olive oil, salt and pepper.
In 1981 K.Harvey Proctor(c) announced the Conservative party Monday Club's official policy - to repatriate 50,000 immigrants a year. The forward to the document was by Sir Ronald Bell.
The young ballplayer grew up in Crown Heights, lived on Eastern Parkway and went to PS9 among other schools.
There were two honey bees in this flower but also a cucumber beetle! Can't kill the cucumber beetle without killing the honey bee so the beetle wins.
I dry embossed a piece of cream cardstock with my cuttlebug and a sizzix folder, then highlighted the embosing with a direct to paper techinque, using orange ink. Then I adhered the ribbons and rick-rack. There was a reall fun, happy accident with this big, chunky rick-rack. It doesn't CREASE so well, so it pops itself off of the card front in a really charming way. I could've glued it down flat, but I really like this effect.
Kid #3 But she’s dead sh*t head.
The formula is very thickening and it works well for my short stubby lashes. I am a little disappointed though to find it doesn't hold the curl very well at all. The name would suggest otherwise? But having said that my eyelashes don't hold a curl well with most mascaras.
Thursday night opening 6pm-10pm, then daily 9am – 6pm
The law of lack, and poverty
Okay, there are other people who need to use this computer. Everyone on base is coming off base to try to contact family.
What you should know. Leda and Bonnie actually got to collaborate on this book, in a manner that authors and illustrators typically do not.
I made my Black Bean Brownies into a pie because my square baking pan was otherwise in use (for my cornbread) and all I had left was a round pie pan. Different shape, same deliciousness. And remember, I don't even like chocolate or dessert but I love these!
of shredded carrots, olive oil and vinegar, and 4oz of ahi tuna grilled.
Delivered from the plague of death by the blood of the Passover Lamb, the children of Israel left Egypt. (A symbol of sin) Four hundred and thirty years earlier, seventy people had come into the land of the Pharaoh’s with Jacob, the grandson of Abraham whose name had been changed to Israel. Now they set out from Egypt taking with them all their families and their flocks and herds and the riches of Egypt leaving nothing behind.
Now, the reason I haven't blogged in a long time (other than not being able to get off the couch in the past 14 weeks). Food tastes strange to me. Fresh vegetables that I used to crave taste strong and rotten, chocolate tastes metallic, the smell of basil makes me queasy, baked goods are too rich, ice cream is beyond nasty, and roast chicken smells horrible and tastes worse. There are many more foods I can't stand now, but I won't type it all out. In short, all foods that I was crazy about before pregnancy I hate now.
But isn’t this true for everyone? The unexpected becomes expected, because change comes to all of us. Sometimes we seek the change, other times it is foisted upon us. But at some point, we all jump into the abyss of the unknown.
Blessings and Love to you all.
“Can I keep my pizza shops?”
That book is about how control destroys a relationship. If a parent is abusive, the book can still help, but seriously the best advice for you if you are abusive is to GET SOME HELP! Stop abusing your kids, stop yelling at them, stop hitting them, give them a voice that isn't yours. Abusers have a way of taking away the voice of other people, which is, in part about control.
In a repeat election, likely in June, a more centrist vote may emerge.
The binding crackled as
After almost 6 months of travelling, we have only really chilled out 4 times … otherwise it has been nonstop; so we had prescribed ourselves a few days on the islands following numerous recommendations from various friends and travellers.
Recept: Watson's on second. Hu's on first.
The cover design here is by London firm Two Associates, and as with the Richard Price book and the way its cover resembles those adorning other contemporary crime novels, the cover of Never Let Me Go is very much what we expect a literary novel to look like. Which is to say, it conforms to our current expectations – formed by countless other books and indeed films, film posters, adverts, and so on – of what a literary novel should look like: a blurry image, an elegant font. And like the Price novel, it almost certainly plays to those expectations. After all, one of the purposes of a book cover is to be attractive to, and therefore to attract, the sort of person who might be interested in that book; to get you, the book-buyer, to pick up and buy that book. So in that sense, playing to the gallery is perfectly understandable: Samaritan looks like a crime novel – looks like novels by the aforementioned Pelecanos, Lehane, and even, say, Ian Rankin, and consequently might well attract anyone interested in crime novels or the works of messers Pelecanos et al; and the Ishiguro conforms to the stereotype of what a so-called literary novel should look like, right down to the faux staining and distressing (this isn't a notably scruffy copy; those scuffs and marks you can see on the jacket are a design choice), and would therefore quite conceivably attract a bookworm of a literary bent.
WOLF'S BLOOD: FIRE WOLF
Myself, I'm pleased the wildlife are making a comeback in areas they deserve to live in. Although if the cougar population increases substantially then they will be reduced by hunters who are given permits by the Ministry. It's a shame they were almost hunted to extinction in the first place. But times are changing.
We were then treated to a long section of the dietitian holding up foods to demonstrate what a reasonable serving of carbohydrates were in different things from peas to rice to oranges. Luckily this wasn't suprising to me as I've measure my portions for years. I could tell it was new to the other moms in the class. I would guess they were going to have to change the way they ate more drastically than I was.
I find the sunset in your sighs
Keep in mind that does not have to check for all a Sony digital camera. Sony cameras, which I think is the best available, intends to review.
As we sweet through the beautiful gate.
The idea though is just to play for 45 minutes when I come home. That’s as detailed as my mission statement gets. Play anything. Do anything musically related that involves a guitar in my hand. I’ve been choosing to play songs rather than to work on exercises. I’m going with that. Letting it be fine. I say play what you like to hear. Steph and I were listening to the blue album this past weekend, and it’s still one of the greats. Tight production by Ric Ocasik. Matt Sharp was still in the band. I read a nice if perhaps slightly-uninformed piece by Film Crit Hulk on why Weezer sucked after Matt left. Short answer Hulk give is no harmony. The music is much lamer without his contribution. Of course Hulk really mean no counterpoint from bass. Less structure. Less interesting. Less tension too apparently.
McInerney states, “…nobility is possible with this grape.” He goes on to list several producers that should be considered, and notes that the wine region of Friuli, Italy produces some noteworthy selections.
Being a morning person is key in this Savage World; that you are no longer just living in, but beginning to own!
In conclusion, I need to learn to let go… that refers to the runs that I have missed, even if they are long runs, and start each week fresh. I also need to pay extra attention that I recover properly from each run. This means rigorous stretching, icing, elevating, sleeping in compression garments, nutrition. With uni, 12wbt and everything that’s currently going on in my life, I need to get organized. Planning is key to success, they say. Well, I drew up my fitness plan for March and nearly choked on my breakfast seeing how busy I will be the coming month. Yikes!
Large parts of El Salvador are without power or clean water and remain cut off from government aid because of collapsed bridges and washed-up roads
The first of these answers might seem to be justified by the fact that, in the memorable words of our Lord to Nicodemus, the birth by water and that of the Spirit seem to be spoken of as elements in the same great change; and by the further fact that the Apostles seem ever to refer to the moment of Baptism as the time when that change took place. But a small amount of reflection suffices to show that to this view there are many and insuperable objections. A large amount of confusion of thought has been caused on this subject by the habit of theorising on the subject of infant Baptism, and the benefits that are believed to flow from it, instead of basing our conclusions on that which was actually revealed with respect to the Baptism of adults. Few will have the temerity to affirm that the mere process of baptizing an adult, whatever his moral condition or attitude, will produce real spiritual regeneration. A man may submit to baptism merely because the chief of his tribe has become a nominal Christian, and he desires to keep in his favour; or he may be baptized, as multitudes of Jews recently were in Russia, merely to escape persecution. To suppose that, in response to a sacrilegious abuse of the sacrament, the Holy Ghost confers on the recipient the blessing of regeneration, and works in him, as the reward of his impiety, the greatest and most beneficent change that supernatural power can effect, is to come perilously near blaspheming the Holy Ghost. But as soon as the admission is made that the act of Baptism does not produce regeneration in such cases, logic constrains us to conclude that Baptism is not the cause of regeneration; nor is it even, if we regard God Himself as the cause, a condition upon which it is absolutely dependent. In such cases as we have suggested unquestionably the man is not regenerated; but he may become so, if he comply with certain other conditions ; that is to say, if he subsequently exhibits that frame of mind which ought to have accompanied his Baptism. His regeneration, then, will have been dependent, on man’s side, not on his Baptism, but on the sincerity of his repentance and the reality of his faith.
HOSTED BY: – The Nature Conservancy – REI – Harrah’s Reno
The MACC has listed numerous further concessions associated with Michael Chia as a result of its investigations (below), so why has the Chief Minister denied any dealings with Chia whatsoever? As Chairman of the Board of Trustees at Yayasan Sabah, he exerts ultimate approval over all timber licences, including those given to Chia.
Oh... my... goodness!
Bliss
Once there, he led me into the shower and placed my hands against the back wall, which apparently was tiled. He kicked my feet apart and back, so that I was "in position". Next,, he slowly walked my hands down the wall so that I was bent over, my ass in the air. I felt him wiggle the butt plug and sighed with relief. The plug had been inside of me for well over 2 hours and my tight little hole was quite tender. My relief, however, was short lived. Within moments, I felt the short, hard tube of an enema bag being inserted and cold water begin to fill my bowel. I whimpered, humiliated. Just when I felt like I would burst, he flow stopped. He swiftly pulled out the tube and just as swiftly replaced it with the plug. I couldn't help myself. I began to cry.
- Slippers for indoor wear (regency, yes, but also night slippers)
Many countries have step up measures to combat corruptions, with many being successful and others gain support by their own regime; very much to mercy of the innocent ones. Bundling large projects with self interest siphoning of public funds are common sights in many countries. Some wealthy ones, protected by their powerful colleagues became richer. Whistle blowing remains rhetoric most of the time because those in power are accomplice to the corruption.
Sweater today
I watched “The Beaver” tonight and that’s the theme. My title might have reminded you of the graduation speech at the end, if you’ve seen it: “What if some of human experience is just something that you inherit like curly hair or blue eyes? What if pain is just in your DNA and tragedy is your birthright?” I’ve grown up with these questions in and around me.
Today is my birthday and I'll be spending part of it in an airport by myself, headed home to the city I love. But I'll be leaving a part of my heart behind in this desert, because a tiny girl has stolen it with her chubby hands and won't give it back.
This week again 'anything goes' and we have two fab prizes
Plus there’s nothing new I could add to by creating another male protagonist. There’s a lack of true reflection on the nature of what they do since it’s ‘expected’ of boys to be warriors, at least in literature. By having a female warrior it gave me the opportunity to question this, since Billi doesn’t have the same expectations of ‘what she should be’.
‘He’s not comfortable with individuals giving large amounts. He wants a wider base of people giving smaller amounts,’ said a party official at the time.
(Lion represents house of Judah, Purple indicates royalty)
Not surprisingly, since her disappearance, «numerous» communications from individuals claiming to have seen the child in different parts of Spain have been made. Nor this is the first time that Malaga appears on that map. Another source that we've consulted said that months ago another information that also placed the girl in Axarquia was discarded.
And page after page of this report, the horrific account of the destruction of Congolese women dissected with the precision and the cold matter-of-factness of traditional and seasoned scholarship that stands out as an indictment of the pomposity of Achille Mbembe or the conceptual helplessness of Congolese social scientists.
Selfishness is the big beast in marriage: Be on the watch for "Seperateness".
I know the day will probably come, but I`m hoping that it`s in the far distant future.
Lizzidroege #13! Lizzi's design this week wow-ed me beyond words ... her creation was absolutely stunning, so layered with so much loveliness and shabby vintage charm! The flowers, the paper doilies, the cute little birdie -- simply beautiful! Thanks from all of us, Lizzi, for sharing your incredible talent in The Shabby Tea Room this week!
My mother's first husband, Justin N. Feldman, has died, at age 92. He was a lovely man whom I enjoyed knowing, though ours was an odd connection. His New York Times obituary today was lengthy and fascinating. He was someone who made things happen, most notably as a manager of Robert F. Kennedy’s 1964 New York Senate campaign. Earlier, he was a campaign aide for John F. Kennedy, having entered reform politics in the late 1940s as a leader of the Fair Deal Democratic Club, a group of reform Democrats dedicated to breaking the political influence of Tammany Hall.
Who hasn’t heard this story at some point. Even if you haven’t heard it in its entirety, the jokes about “Let there be light” never cease. Unfortunately, even this first chapter leaves me with many questions.
He would say trick or tweat, they when he got candy he would yell Thank You!!
Hong Kong’s Best Shopping Guide – Electronics
I went walking in South East London today. To a part of London I’d never been before. And at one stage I had to stop just to stare at the sea of pink and white, like clouds, or swirls of candy floss. It was beautiful. You know when Shakespeare talks about the perfect bloom at a single moment in time before decay. Today I think I hit the cherry blooms on that very day. It was perfect. And right there in the park I had to stop, rummage in my backpack for my Ipod and find John Spillane’s ” The Dance of the Cherry Trees”;
While lamb cooks, drain pasta and return pot to heat. Add 1 tablespoon oil and butter in pasta pot and melt over medium heat. Place the pasta back in the pot and crisp 4-5 minutes, toasting the pasta. Season the pasta with salt and pepper and a little nutmeg.
RAMSEY KANAAN
You can select auto (God forbid!) Or not.
LOOSELY TRANSLATED: A National Exhibition of Antiques and Ham!
a mind of solitude
Remember that, people. And thanks to k for teaching me this.
And know he is still
Michael Gerson -- who was one of George W Bush's writers -- was really good. W's speeches are as good as JFK's -- I'd even rank them higher.
Marvy Markers for colouring
Imagine the injustice of it all. There you are in the reincarnation line plotting the takeover of your next kingdom, mentally redecorating the pyramid, and wondering why they still haven’t opened a ’20 lives or less’ lane, when BOOM, some idiot pushes the wrong button and you find yourself emerging into the world as the youngest child of two common people who clearly did not get the memo on your past achievements, refined tastes, or highly detailed needs. ‘Bummer’ does not even begin to cover your disgust.
significant others, I am able to conceive what Mead calls the “generalized
Printing of the Other People Exist Robert Crumb Edition is complete, and a copy has been mailed to Mr. Crumb's home in an undisclosed location. Mr. Crumb did not request this special edition, but I know he will be glad to receive it, as I am sure he has at least one wobbly table that needs a leg shimmed, or a ferret/budgie/gerbil whose cage is due for a relining. At 1/8th inch thick, OPE is not only strong and absorbent, it can easily fill any gap between table leg and floor (under 1/8th inch thick).
Garlic, 5 pcs, chopped finely
"Cabal of politicians and the self-righteous" doesn't actually say anything useful. You're using buzz words to evoke knee-jerk responses (ie politicians = bad, evil) rather than actually creating an interesting villain. Cardboard cutout stereotypes aren't interesting.
A considerate hostess should help her guest make up the bed; a thoughtful guest will try to keep personal belongings out of sight during the day.
Turmoil in the region has already forced up the price of crude oil, affecting the global economy that is already struggling to escape recession.
for these murders.
When I first became interested in fashion during my teenage years, Marc Jacobs was my favourite designer. I still have a soft spot for his label mainly because, even in its more serious collections, it always manages to maintain an air of youthfulness.
they colour our lives
I took the eyeglass and I turned to face the black doorway.
Me: "Am I supposed to do something?"
I don’t care what you say, Larry Santy, it’s one of the greatest movies EVER.
I can hardly believe it. In three more short years, we’ll be making jokes about double digits and writing 10 instead of spelling out the word. You don’t want to think about that though - getting older seems to scare you a bit. I talk about great experiences still to come - overnight camp, high school, driving cars - and you’re not all that eager. But then you talk about being a fashion designer and living on your own in New York City, and it’s so far off that it excites you, but it will all happen too quickly for me.
And speaking of Christmas loot... remember this post I did about a beautiful tray that Super Mom got me?? I was giving you a sneak peek... well abode lovers, peek no more. Are you wondering why the heck the freaking thing isn't hanging on the wall???
Dual LED flash
These are not all made using T. shirts . People often use any fabric they have ...including vintage sheets ...yikes that would be too upsetting for me ,but I suppose if they are very worn it's a good way to make use of them.
Also even long after you have given up, be prepared for the occasion twinge of sadness when it strikes you that you will never light up after a good meal or a cup of coffee again. For some, that sadness will never leave you. My darling mother once said that a smoker never becomes a non-smoker, they merely become smokers who are not smoking at the moment. Like me, she was a committed smoker who would invariably light a cigarette before making a telephone call, but, unlike me, she was born into an age where everyone smoked, and they all thought it was good for them.
a fraud. I hope all those lovely people in the class will forgive me. (I
Now the jars are ready to go into my canner. You can see in this photo the three jars in front showing the three steps to putting the lids on. First make sure your jar rim is clean. Then put on the rubber gasket. Next place the white lid on top. Finally, put on the metal ring. Tighten as you normally would, then turn BACK a 1/4 turn. That is the only thing that was different about using these lids.
My fingers and toes are the only things decorated for Easter. Essie's polish "Turquoise & Caicos" on my toes, Essie's "She's Picture Perfect" (purple) on my fingers. Puts me in a terrifically springy mood.
Random shit for today....
Where was I, Oh yes, the Gothic Capital Monogram digi's. The are all loaded up. At this moment, if you would like to purchase the entire set, I have that loaded as well. You can get it here. You will be getting the entire file, all 26 characters. You will see a price of $56.00 (which is what the set would cost you if you bought each one of them individually) but, if you email me at admin@floppylattedesigns.com, I will send you the coupon for 35% off of the entire set. That brings the cost down to $36.40. Now compared to a rubber stamp collection of the same letters (if there was one) that would be a great deal! Plus these are resuable an unlimited number of times!
Business management consulting helps you to better plan and manage your operations or activities, define your goals, gives you a foundation, structure and better direction. Business management consulting and counseling helps you to improve on your focus, management, performance, efficiency and operations. In this chaotic business world you need beneficial business consulting, counseling and support to help you manage your business workload, work-life balance, relieve your stress & keep your operations running smoothly. You can obtain this type of assistance through CEO Business Management Solutions.
Methods of Publicizing
One thing Mr. Paul likes to talk about is an independent audit of the gold reserves of the United States of America. Do you support this.
There are some excellent tattoos on display not just of words but also images either taken directly from books or inspired by them. Some of them are arguably not literary tattoos but rather typographic ones but there are very few of these.
There are LOTS of prizes to win, and something at every stop! We all have an image for you and you could also win one of 3 big prizes at the end of the hop, at the store blog! And don't forget about the candy giveaway too, see at the top of my sidebar:-)! You have until Sunday 6th to do the hop and winners will be announced on Monday!
Other Reviews:
The doily on this card is my second attempt at designing a heart doily. I now understand why patterns for heart doilies are impossible to find. Luckily it is tucked in behind the image, hiding the fact that it is way too long. However, I am nothing if not stubborn and persistent, so I tried again and came up with a shorter version:
I appreciate that there's a great deal of what I think must be authentic male view point because, at first, it tended to leave me confused. But as I delved more into the various minds involved, it started to make it's own twisted (i.e. male) sense. It involved a passionate seme (I hate semes that seem untouched or are cold to their partners). It involved a strong uke, and I appreciate that just like I appreciate a strong female protagonist. (For those unfamiliar with the terms, a seme is the one penetrating. I presume you can deduce what a uke is.) There are no love interests here that look like grade schoolers. No blushing ineffective ukes ready to cry at a moments notice. Everyone has their own personality and their own strengths, without any of them being perfect or making optimum choices. And that fits in pretty well with kids about to graduate high school as well.
If you approach every sale from a place of service you will win them over. Ask yourself, how can I best serve them? How can I shower them with love?
-What do you get when you cross a crocodile and a rooster? Crocodoodle-doo.
Wish me luck. No, wish me good learning experience. No, to me learning experience equates with mistakes. – Let’s see. I guess what we need here is, “May the force be with me.”
And the other day she started making sounds that I had never heard before. I eventually realised that her litter tray was full and once I had cleaned it out she used it shortly afterwards. We try to keep her tray clean so we don’t hear her complain about a dirty toilet very often which will make it harder to learn this particular miaoww. But there is no doubt that she is more than capable of communicating her feelings and needs to us; we just have to listen and learn her langauge and I am looking forwarding to that in the years ahead.
